Young Big Mike. Dirty Money and The New Problem in the Game. She Go By the Name of 'Nicki Minaj' as Ms.Minaj if ya Nasty. This Shit Right here. Is the Motherfuckin' Mixtape. Playtime is Over. Find ya one. I don't Co-sign No Bullshit. No More Talk, lets Get it Poppin'. Yes Sir.Young Big Mike. Nicki Minaj. Lets get into another brand new joint. this shit right here is called '1-900'. Nicki Minaj, dirty money.  Shout out to Fendi, Gravy. Shout out to the whole young money. Weezy. What's Poppin'.  Uha.That tickles. Hey. You've Reached. Nicki Minaj. and umm. Uha. I can't come to the phone right now 'cause. I'm Sitting on your favorite rapper's Face.  Anyway.As Soon as I Get up. Uha. I'll Call you back. Ba.


As I sit back, relax, crack jokes for minute. I think about the up and comers that could prolly get it. I might go to jail for fucking with Hell Rell. If he get I'll and pull on my ponytails. I heard Maino life was like a movie. Set up the cameras, fuck him in the jacuzzi. Freaky Zeeky that should be easy. He just came home, I know he wanna bone. I know he wanna bone. But what about J.R Writer. I'm a skill 'em. And when I write 'em, I'm a grill em. The nigga Pap he might could fuck me. Fuck me. But I ain't tryna be dr-drippin' in Gino Green. No Gino Green. Tell Stack to bring the black card up. But if I fuck him, would he, would he yell SQUAD UP. Tell Rich Boy to send me a pink toy. Throw sum d's on it and I might breath on it. And when I'm in Philly, I gotta fuck Gilly. Snatch his big mac and slap a bitch silly. Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'. Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'. Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'. Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. Put it in half way, Red Cafe. Put the pussy on his record. (mhm, that tickles. Uncle Murda can bring the handcuffs. (Why is that? I gotta watch out. Gotta get a rough neck. (Oh, I get it. As for Gravy, he might could be. He might could be. You know them fat niggas love to eat. He love to eat. And when I wanna Nicki Minaj, who could it be. It's them Yung Gunnaz, Chris and Lil' Nefee. Well Nicki, what about Fendi. He made you pop. Tell 'em to kick rocks or give me some top. I'm on my way to Jerz break ransom off. Quench his thirst when my pants come off. Murda Mook and Milz gon' have to battle. Scoop who ever win and tell 'em to ski-daddle. Run up on Mims, he could give me back shots. Dis is why. Dis is why. Dis is why I'm hot, nigga. Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'. Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'. Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'. Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude.


Chin checker I'm da chin checker. It was a quarter passed 3 when I ran into rell. Didn't forget my keys cause my name ring bells. A lil white tee some addidas with the shells. Tun in the coup oh! shoot broke a nail. Let me let me think what I gotta gotta do. Should I get the black or the chrome 22. And if a bird try to get out of the cage. I bitch down new york times front page. I went to starbucks I wanted to get a frapo. Then had a snapple apple with the capo. That's fendi but that's irrelivent. Threw him a couple benjies now I'm da president. And I'm nicki and nicki so picky. Slick like ricky flow be so icky. Class is finished you'll be home bout 3. So all ya rap bitches what ya'll know bout me. What ya know bout me. Whatchu whatchu know bout me. What ya know bout me. Watchau watchu know. They say the girl is a fool the girl get it boppin'. The girl get them crills and the girl get it poppin'. What ya know bout me. Whatchu whatchu know bout me. The girl gettin money a lot of dirty money. I'll show you how to do it if you gettin somethin from me. Got some nice titties yes they are pretty. That's how I got the s the 550. That's cause I gets I gets I gets busy. That's why I don't need you to come get me. I'm badder than the dude at the neverland. In a money green coup with a leprechaun. Holla at'em get a four leaf clover. Go go against me guaranteed ya over. Now all the kids sweat nick like a mexican. Cause I got more kicks than a temper tan-trum trum trum. Ya slow poke betta run run run my lil coke. And s-m-I-the l-e and ain't one thing they could tell me. Cause I write write write my own shit. I'm the one like I'm the culprit.


Good morning New York.Good afternoon New Orleans. Goodnight America.This Is Young Money.Nicki Minaj.They don't make us to break us, no I'm with the bakers. I'm gettin' bread with dread up in Jamaica. It's them young stunners, Nick and Lil Weezy. Nick, I'm the chick that go getta like Jeezy. Fall back 'cause I do this here. Step your bars up or you're through this year. Yep, it's only right that the whole block's there. Hopped out the air in the blue and white Lear. I'm here, I'm lit, long hair, don't care. Steady starin' at my ear, 'cause my ear on glare. Now it's not hard to find me, top behind me. You be Harry Potter and I'll be Hermione. I'll be early, I'm the girl they. Call the one like I'm my first birthday. I'm in that Range Rov, rockin' that kango. That pussy real good, it tastes like mango. Can't stop, won't stop reppin' Young Money and we. We get down and we, we get down and we. Boys they, boys they love me. Chromed out Eleven Hundred. Can't stop, won't stop reppin' Young Money and we. We get down and we, we get down and we. Boys they, boys they love me. Can't stop, won't stop reppin' Young Money and we. We get down and we, we get down and we. Boys they, boys they love me. Chromed out Eleven Hundred. Can't stop, won't stop reppin' Young Money and we. We get down and we, we get down and we. Boys they, boys they love me. I'm on tour 'til my money's like the bus height. Ice lookin' bright, see me comin' like bus lights, Weezy! Nicki Minaj.Young Money.Fuck with me Fendi.


Big mike, the new baddest bxtch in the game.She go by the name of Nicki Minaj. Let's get this shit poppin, playtime is ova motha fucka. This the one they was waitin on baby. I had to do it. Just when they thought it was safe to play I Hit'em with the N.I.C the K.I. I'm tinkerbell he's peter pay-a. To these rap bitches I'm mother may-a.I wanna kno why you waste your yime. On these rap hoes that don't write they rhymes .Get a can of a sprite with a twist of lime. Money money money always on my mind. Coupe color purple no I'm not celie. We run new york like we play relay. My flight took off yours has been delayed. Give it to them early bitches so don't be late. Play time is ova when I spit bars. My mixtape bring. All the boys to the yard. All the boys want Nicki. All the boys want mine. All the boys say they love me, yea they love me long time. Yes I'm the girl that you heard of. I commit murda. I body bitches I don't need a burna. Queens, oh yes I rep queens. Little white T, plus sum tight jeans. I make it heard for these chicks to breath. Wrist on freeze I freeze up my sleeves. We gettin money like it grow on trees. Stay on my a Q'z I stay on my P'z. After I'm done the you will acknowledge. I'm the president never went to college. I'm a bad bitch I don't need no stylist. Tell a bitch holla when she get my dollas. Bitches talk shit, but what is you sayin. Got the illest dude in the game speakin my name.I'm the one, I'm the one you heard me. Same number they stiched on mcGrady jersey. If I show you how to do it will you reimburse me. Let me put on my pumps let me grab my skirt see. I am such a lil ladys let me do my curtsi. Fuck a dry pussy bitch cause I know she thirsty.


Queens, Queens Ayo Fendi this the jump off right here man Ms. Minaj little mama get a taste of the hot sauce Itty bitty real pretty but I'm not soft. I beat bitches with the heat like I'm Scott Storch. In the ocean is where they gettin' dropped off. All I wanna do is party, rock some Ed Hardy and 40/40. You arrive when it just get started. I come through at 2 and I don't get carded. Excuse me I had to beg ya pardon. Mami ya flow sick, my flows retarded. Cause you can say something and you won't be sick. But um, I can't help my retarded chick. Cause my flow stupid, wheelchair bound. Take the small bus all year round. That bitch pop out with a helmet on her head. Bottle of new meds, a good pair of Keds. Where my chicks. All my girls that'll transport bricks. Got some MAC lip gloss on ya lips. Keep a real good jean on ya hips. You can get it. And to my dudes.If you keep a good bitch in ya crew. And you rock a good hood, fuck a suit. And you got a little tree on ya boot. You can get it.Nicki and Dirty Money nigga, shit ya draws. When I count to three, hit the floor. Dang little mama, pick up ya jaw. That there's the Chevy, 64. You that bitch, I'm the boss. I'm a have my bodyguard, dust me off. Cause I think I might have some dirt on my shoulder. Call my nigga Light with the money green Rover. I'm the boss bitch pink links and the brinks. Rockin the corset, sip drinks in my minks. Call my nigga Gravy, that's the big baby.Tell him I said maybe he should bring the trey p. Already know these lames is gonna hate me. But um lately, it only motivate me. Want it with the squad, gotta come through me. I hit the dance floor, nigga 1-2-3


Alot of rap niggas be trynna play hard. When I lift da shirt dats da end of discussion. Click Clack mutha fuckaz, I ain't trynna hear dat. They call me Nicholas, style defined as ridiculous. I beg your pardon, meet me at da garden #1 draft, I'm New York's pick & I don't lose like dem dudes on da new york knicks... (check it) I'm over seas rockin hella capris, in da west indies eatin delacasies... I tell emDey want cain like erica... please Brotha your money young like government cheese. Dese broke rappers always rappin bout a pink truck, I'm only happy wen I hopin out da brinks truck. And I don't need a 16, I got a sentence... I goes on a fucka like an entrance. Dese old bitches betta change dey denture, wen I get in da game dey gon play da benches. Fuck your friendship, pay attention. Bitch get at me, I'm a pay my henchmen. Alot of rap niggas be trynna paly hard. When I lift da shirt dats da end of discussion. Click Clack mutha fuckaz, I ain't trynna hear nuthin. Dey call me Maraj, Fuck u & fuck your squad. Head bitch in charge, I ain't talkin bout da tod. I'm on da other line & I ain't talkin bout call waitin. I'm VIP lil mama I jus walk str8 in. Lil Dolce & Gabanna got dis bul hatin, dats I pop up in da porch with da top vacant. Mami stop fakin, talkin bout wat u got, u ain't got NATHIN & your not caking. Your not my taste, get outta my face, I play da top like eight friendz on your myspace. Stay in a child's place. Check da timin. I rock bitches like dey throwin up da diamond. ITS THE ROC. U on a flight, I be bakin on islands. Mami your accent sound faker den Dylan. MURDA DEM, MURDA DEM, fuck a competition, Already murda dem. Alot of rap niggas be trynna paly hard. When I lift da shirt dats da end of discussion. Click Clack mutha fuckaz, I ain't trynna hear nuthin. Dey call me Nicki M., hard to find me in a sticky gin. I play da club, with a thug & sum pretty friendz. And if dey ain't got da gat, dey got da knife on. Your too wack to get up on one of y song. U gotta deal, cause u was givn up da coochie prolly, but I'll arrange one hit like oochie wallie. And u'll be gon to November like Wyclef, I hold weight & I ain't talkin bout Biceps. I rep Queens like da crown, when I'm in da town, ask Yung Joc. it's goin down. Kisses to my bitches and my niggas, getta pound. June, turn me up. mic check. Bitches don't kno da half, like dey flucked at math, give a fuck about a bitch & da clique she with unless u doin dem numbaz like arithmetic, young nic. holla back & turn up my shyt. Alot of rap niggas be trynna paly hard. When I lift da shirt dats da end of discussion. Click Clack mutha fuckaz, I ain't trynna hear nuthin.


Fitted down and I'm reddii 2 play When yo album gon' drop bitches neva could say Say fuk I look like givin birds dae props Bitches act like dae hot but I heard dae not How the fuk you in the game like 10 yrs strong Ya'll bitches still can't write cha own damn song You see me on the stoop man these birds just aloop me Wetha I'm in the coop or dat hoopty doopsy I'm alwayz witta dude dat will louf yah coofy Let'em eat mah coochy and cop mii poochy House in the boonies rock the dooby Cop the 22 den spark ah lucy He tell em I'm the one he prolly right He pressin me like button downs On a friday night yah girl Get it poppin like dynamite,Dynamite the coke albino white Name one bitch in the game That I can't murdah Chicken noodle bitch on the side witta soda Give it 2 ae'boddii liek a cop witah quotah Stop play polka hop inside amolka I eat bitches no knife no folka Bitch want it with me livin the life loca  I get it you ah joka I leave ah dot on yah head and I ain't talkin bout polka Cause you the type that b runnin your mouf See you on the block wanna run in yah house I'm with the nigga fendi neva fucks witta slouch I fuck with dirty money like watz undah the couch cause Ain't a bitch could fuk with my flow When it comes 2 drugs mommy just say no Eatha you on sumthin or yah S-L-O Had tah switch up the flow let these sketals know I come come hard I don't come with garbage Just one phone call they goin' come regardless I alwayz got the ball mah I roll with starters Write my own barz and my flows the hardess nigga


Nicki minaj, dirty money, I don't think ya'll understand what I'm about to do, I'm about to master these bitches man I used to dilly dally, now I dilly to calli Used to push a pink dinali, now it's chevi impalis I used to be broker than them niggas in alleys, now I get my work it out like biggidy bally I sed to go hard, used cop the brim Used to take the dolla car, used to shop at vim Now I take it real easy, the hood believe me I don't mean cover girl wen I say "easy breezy" Jimeny cricket, let the master in, when it come to bad bitches I'm the last at kin I'm bringin S.E.X.Y. B.A.C.K. if nicki ain't the best suck a D.I.C.K. I'm young nicolas, my style rediculous I herd your money funny, well mommy I'm ticklish I gotta laugh. I gotta laugh at it I always got crack I guess I'm a crack addict I don't know man, I think these bitches is real scared right now, like dam I got these bitches shaking in they boots man, Dirty money, ayo pri, bring the next verse in my nigga I used to make a dollar stretch like a pilati, now I gotta play the potty n it's up in ginadi Gotta push the masserati, candy paint on the body Making money off the hobby, taking flicks in the lobby I'm in the future, I'm ahead of my time And you can't duplicate me I'm like one of a kind They think I'm making fun of them when I b like nahh nahh nah nah Thas the track lil mama look nahh nahh nah nah Do wat I do it, like I do it for the tv Bitches must be blind cause these bitches can see me Do it all for gp, tell em to suck a pee pee Monday LA tuesday I'm in DC Get a ticket or u only get a snippet If you write your lyrics lil mama I can dig it I show u how I do it What do s really magic Abra cadab tricks are for kids silly rabbit


Who da hell is this? Callin' me at 12: 47 in the night While I'm watchin the fight Lookin' at the phone it's no name in sight Blocked ID, knew somethin' just wasn't right It's my girl Kandy from out in Miami Tellin me that my man with some bitch in a Camry Car seat in the back like he started a family Yo Kan stop playin, what the fuck are you sayin'? Remember them chicks from da Brick 'round nine six That we seen when we hit a lick by the projects? Oh, you mean Leah, little sister Maria I use to go see her in front of the Pizzeria I didn't say them, they schooled to some bitch that you knew from back when some bitch named Kim Light skinned flim use to rock a low rim Followed them to the crib, but the lights real dim They hit me on the chirp warning me now I'm warning you What's it gonna be?Nicki tell me what you wanna do Damn I'm a have to send her to her maker Damn I'm a have to send her to her maker Damn I'm a have to send her to her maker I'm a send her to her maker I'm a send her to her maker They heard about his good sexin' and long erections Nice complexion, Magnums for protection They even heard about his tongue game How the nigga gave brain ain't stopped 'til the cum came But that's words to Hip Hop I popped the bitch top, like a corona Call the coroner, it's gonna be a lot of black dresses and chest vest's if I find out he got a next Mrs' What you think all the goons is forTwo by the door a few more out in New York And I feed 'em curry chicken, I'm all about my green 'naw mean? Got some fat bitches in the kitchen I got a spot like OX and we cook OX tail got a scale for what's in the mail I got whatever on my nigga Bail, But if the nigga bail I'll have 'em sleepin with some killa whales Damn bitches wanna fuck with my man on the other hand things ain't always what you plan It's the ones up in ya Prom picture Salon with'cha Now they wanna creep in ya mans jeep I bet you Nicki won't sleep Cause I'm a put the heat to ya beak, you'll bird like TWEET TWEET And watch you smoke like a cigarette Shoulda left the bitch a pack of Nicorette Leave all them foul bitches wet I give a fuck about you and ya bum crew Mami I'm the truth they salute when I come through I'm not runnin bitch I bust my gun in hold on I hear somebody comin Police open up! Shit, that bitch Kandy set me up yo Pass the A.R. lemme let these cowards have it


This is for my niggas that did bids




All uh my niggas that's doin time, for some shit that they ain't did
This is for my niggas that wild out
All uh my niggas that ride out, All my niggas that hide out
This is for my niggas that buy weight
Niggas that leave on Monday, come back on a Friday
This is for my niggas that get high
All uh my niggas that get by, All my niggas that get fly
This is for my niggas that cop dutches
All uh my niggas throwin it up on them bikes n pop clutches
This is for my niggas that don't snitch
All uh my niggas that don't bitch, All my niggas that tore fifths
This is for my niggas that don't cry
All uh my niggas that don't smile, All my niggas that don't lie
This is for my niggas that take care
All uh dey kids order some bids, N take em to daycare
This is for my niggas that don't settle
All uh my niggas that push pedals, All my niggas with gold medals
This is for my niggas that play ball
Niggas that wanna get in the game so they niggas can cake off
This is for my niggas that gave up
All uh my niggas that's laid up And ya mind is made up
This is for the borough of Sean Bell (Rest In Peace)
All uh my niggas with strong will, All my niggas that gone kill
This is for my niggas than stand up
All uh my niggas that's gon fight All my niggas that man up (C'mon)
This is for my niggas with big dreams
All uh my niggas in sick jeans, That be spittin they sixteens
This is for the Tims n, This is for the Brims n
This is for the Trims n, This is for the rims n
This is for the kings n, This is for the bosses
This is for the blings n, Niggas in the Porches
This one's for Malcolm, This one's for Martin
Wish I coulda thanks them, Look what they started
This is cause I'm tired uh losin (Tired of losing)
Even though my music is crack, Guess I'm tired of using
It's like I'm tired of rappin it & I ain't even rapped yet
I'm Tired n I'm askin am I Ready for the rapture see
I'm just a little girl, Caught in a mixed up world
Shoutout my girls that be callin me sista girl
All of you silence
For all of this violence
For all of my mens that's locked in the pens
And trapped in the silence
I see you, I see you, I see you, I see you, I seee youu
I see you, I see you, I see you, I see you, I seeee youuu
Hold On (I See You) Hold On Hold On
Hold On Hold On Hold On Hold On Hold On
Keep trying
Kee-eep tryy-yinnn'




Yo... yo, yo yo yo, hold the doe
Let me get up on the floor like Mardi Gras
Like every time I rhyme I sun the shine
Lil mama, you a bird like you done some time
Every, every time I spit it's a massacre
So they better more fast like nas-acar
Everyone want a dime, I'm, I'm the best
When I get up in the club I grind the best
You don't know, you better respect me
I'm with a tryfit, affidicuous Nicki
I am the one, like Tracy McGrady
Now little daddy let me, let me upgrade ya
Come on, I make it hot, see I'm a hot one
I keep the stack & let Max play the shotgun
I'm in the good car, always with a hood star
Introducing Mr. & Mrs. Good Bar
Get up on my level niggas, get it up
Gettin Dirty Money figures, throw it up
Get up on my level bitches, get it up
Drink some Dirty Money bitches, get a cup
It's frego daddy, grade V of coarse
God Willing coming soon, I'm the good of New York
I shine like VVS stones in the dark
Take a seat, when you here me like Rosa Parks
Fuck the chit chat
Let's talk guns & drugs, you with that?
Tryin' to see a mill or two, fuck who I'm better than
Rollin up on a dutch, you know I need my medicine
It's high noon & I'm the nigga that shot the sheriff
Me & Nicki's like Bonnie & Clyde, don't be embarrassed
I'm sort of like a rabbit the way I love my cabbage
But I Still watch for 5-0 like I'm Garret
08′ Challenger lookin' like Dukes of Hazzard
Turn it into a coupe, and now the roofs gone
Word to Nicki Minaj with daisy dukes on
See it's Max-a-millie-on, chumps so move on
Before I Get like a auto-bot and transform
Too Hot & I ain't Mims
I flip bricks while you little clown still buyin' rims
Who's in charge, stop frontin' like I ain't him
I'm sect, 5th ave, you still shop at Fims
Superstar with the Audemar & a pair of Tims
Who you're wives screwing? Flossin', I been doin' Fuckers




Babe boy you must got nicki twisted
I would've left before but you insisted
Said that I was your all and I believed you
That's why it hurts to the core I gotta leave you
How could you love me and humiliate me
You ain't my man don't affiliate me
With all your plans cause you really made me
A lil bitch when that really ain't me
Mondays was the fun days
From the slum to the runway
Runs in the hyundai
Niggas didn't have your money it was gun play
Used to tell me to listen to what a thug say
At night I would sleep on you
And I guess I did sleep on you
Cause when they said it I said creep on who
No not my boo
Ain't what he gon do
Oh now you wanna be with me
But you can't be with me
Boy leave me alone
You know you did me wrong
So I gotta letcha go
If you wanted me in your life
You shoulda treated me right
Boy leave me alone
You know you did me wrong
So I gotta letcha go
Why you saying you ain't feel her
You was in the villa
She was in the white chinchilla
You was sippin on a miller
My bitch pam had the hidden cam like killa
Funny how ya win some
Ya lose some
Never worry where your income would come from
Cause no matter where you was I held you down
Up north to uptown
So how you sound
Now you all up in my face bout you make mistakes
If I'da known you was fake I'da laced your steak
Strick nine one time in your welchs grape
Quit lying
Why you lying
I watched the tape
Now get up out my dressing room
Give me some f'ing room
Go get your mind right and take it as a lesson learned
Just like usher nigga you gon have to let it burn
To the left and I ain't talkin about jigga girl
Oh now you wanna be with me
But you can't be with me
Boy leave me alone
You know you did me wrong
So I gotta letcha go
If you wanted me in your life
You shoulda treated me right
Boy leave me alone
You know you did me wrong So I gotta letcha go




I done put two sticks in my bun
So they recognize me when I come
I'm D-M-C like Run
Listen mami I'm the muthafuckin one
You don't like me you just like my flow
Just booked a show but I might not go
Nigga said he didn't have a pole for my hoe
Damn why a nigga tryna fuck up my dough
When it come to me it be like they go
They tell me to stop but I'm like hell no
Now everybody watch my M-O
Nicki been hot since you rock shell tops
Yessir Ha ha ha ha
Gotta laugh at that
Bitch give me the ball I'm a pass it back
Spit nothin but crack got bags of that
When it come to rap I master that
I done put two sticks in my bun
So they recognize me when I come
I'm D-M-C like Run
Listen mami I'm the muthafuckin one
I done put two sticks in my bun
So they recognize me when I come
I'm D-M-C like Run
Listen mami I'm the muthafuckin one
You can spot me from a mile away
Nicki sexy any time of day
Word on the street is that I'm chinese
No lil mama I'm just high off haze
Don't fuck a dude if a dude don't pay
Don't suck a dude if a dude dirty
When it come to you gotta look purty
Sit up in the groove get your weave curly, hey
Sim simma
Pass me the keys to my beemer
Wish I had a booty like Trina
Nigga get your green up
Stay in the sky like Nina
Flights to Japan, Tiran and Korea
I done put two sticks in my bun
So they recognize me when I come
I'm D-M-C like Run
Listen mami I'm the muthafuckin one
I done put two sticks in my bun
So they recognize me when I come
I'm D-M-C like Run Listen mami I'm the muthafuckin one






Okaye okaye okaye okaye I'm cominnnnn
Now whose hot, whose not? Shorty du whoop, it's
Cool you blood clot, COOL, you come to the spot see if you
Don't get got, see if you don't get got when the semi go cop,
I'm like ayee what the fuck a bitch think? (uh huh) Nick, you know ain't nuttin changed but
My wink (okaye), pink on pink everything insync, I write pretty lyrics every pen pink ink,
I'm representin all my girls, niggas double up, I don't play around I'm a have to
Shut 'er down, run up into town I'm a have to get the crown, I'm the Youngs Queens
Bitch with the platinum sound, None of ya girls can steal my shine, Fendi brought me to
The game, Now I'm in my prime (yup), stay humble, stay low, stay on the grind
I don't needa a light but I stay in the lime,
When I tell em that I'm cumin I'm cumin
Rap bitches in the game always huffin and puffin
(Damn) why these bitches always frontin for nuthin
Fuck around I'm a have these bitches runnin from suttin
Guess what Nicki spit crack like yayo, yup matter fact when I rap
It okayo, Come through the hood all the boys say ayo, lettuce and tomato
Don't forget the mayo, Words in the street that Nicki don't play doe,
Bitches pop shit but they soft like play dough, gotta lotta banks so she wanna be
Me, I gotta full tank little momma on E, I fly first class overseas on this BB, snapple
In my hand and it's strawberry kiwi, I ain't even make it, and these girls wanna be me
You Mrs. Me too like you always say me me, I'm who they believe in, mami
Don't even, Soon as I put the keys in I switch like seasons, get a couple beats from my
Nigga dough bezy, why would I go hard when this shit is so easy






Lemme tell a lil story bout dis dude I knew
He sed he used to qo to skool out in L.I.U
He sed he'd make me a bet
He'd own his own jet
Nd he'd show me dha city
From a bird eye view
Sed he came from Jamaica
He had a lil paper
He owned a couple acres
Nd den I caught therapist
That's how we got together
On dha bike
Late nite
Kawasaki leathers
He used to wine nd dine me
Dom nd sex
Nd we be arm nd armor
Mani dress
See I ain't need a leprechaun
Or 4 leaf clover
I jus woke up one mornin
Nd he copped dha rover
See I knew about dem qirls he had bac den
But I was qettin money I ain't care bout dem
Because dey was qettin G'd
I had N's
I used to split ma dividends with all my friends
Cuz I was in the lounge
Dey wasz in dha greyhound
Like in and out a town
Movin coke by the pound like
Guess it didn't sOund rite
Ckuz dem bitches wasz mad
Started plottin
Tryna qet wat I had
See my homegirl Teisha
Sed dhat keisha with dha real black lips
Used to smoke that reefa
Sum bitch name Dawn
Used to fuq LaiQwan
Nd alicia with dha chinky eyes
Used to be with freaky Ty
Lived across the street
From dis niqqa name tiki diamond
Yea chicken noodle bitches
Like a pack of Ramen
Dey had it out 4 me
Kidnap ma brother
At dha rucker
Ckuz he used 2 put it down 4 mi
O ma qod dey cauqht Brandon
I got his picture in da mail
He was rockin a Vanson
But no sad bitch
We got surveillance on dha mansion
And we qon need 30 million for dha ransom
Chu bumbaclaat Yuh si all me now who Mi ah kill off ah pussy Mi ah qet him boc to whom Mi nuh romp wid a mon chu!




Where my niggas that getting they G’s up (G’s up)
In the back when you rolling your trees up (trees up)
Where my niggas that getting they freeze up
And getting they tease up, just tell em to ease up (ease up)
I don’t know what they take me for
And I don’t know what they hate me for -- I get cake fo-sho
And I don’t know how to take it slow
I’m the type to get right, stay in the limelight
These broke niggas always reading up
Niggas see me in the beam and they speeding up
I’m like duke holler at me when your G’s are up
Oh, that’s the Kanye piece? Throw your Jesus up
When I say I’m bout my gwop, I don’t me a-molie
It’s like I’m being watched, I don’t me a rollie
I’m half past 7′o clock all by my lonely
Spits got the dessie on cock and wanna bone me (Blocka)
Bitches getting mad cause they know they can’t stop her
Nickname should be TV the way they watch her
Run with a shotter Gotta be at least 6 feet to break me off proper
I’m at the bar getting Rémy on rocks
I’m coming for these rap bitches if they ready or not (yeah)
You know the girl, I already was hot
You tell em fuck a new bitch, I want a veteran spot
Look, it’s Nicki M. in the place so stay back
I stay around the white like I’m Pat Sajak
Plus I had my A game up since 8-track
I’m Diddy with the flow, “Take that, take that”
My flow say (cha-ching) and my flow say (cheese)
I ain’t got a bag but my wrist say freeze
Dick em, trick em, I know how to pick em
Stick em, ha-ha-ha, stick em
If you wanna me sweat me, then baby let me
Tell you I’m not like them other girls you been with
Cause I know you think I’m sexy, you wanna sex me
Rolling with the fifth, we make hits, when make chips, bitch
I don’t know what you chasing dog
Cause I don’t got patience for (nope, nope)
All these dudes that be hating ya’ll
Cause money we be taking more, getting cake for sure
Only think about making more
Grey Azzure make drag, let it scrape the floor
Don’t get mad when I take your broad
Rock stone, can’t trace the flaw
So in a way, I guess you could say I was made to ball
Act out and the K applaud
Me and Nicki gon’ pave the course
You wanna play the boss, you gon' learn how to take a loss
Of course I’m back, kid still torch the track
Getting paper like Office Max
Branch house with the horse to match
Pink gems, with the cross attached, hit you then I toss the mack
So, G’s up, niggas get your B’s up
Chick act up, tell a ho to ease up In the back of the club, home roll that weed up If you wanna jump bad, a beat down’s the out come




Thank you Thank you for coming out tonight
Ladies and gentlemen
I am the president of Dirty Money Records
(What the hell are you waiting for)
New York City (chea)
Who you know fresher than Nick
Riddle me that
Mammi you itty bitty
Can't mirror me back
Everybody gon see where I'm lyrically at
Used to hate Nicki now they giving me dat
I live and I learn but I wait my turn
I'm always on the run got weight to burn
Ease off the gas then I make the turn
Three off the pass they don't play like her
Why I can't just be ill
Why when they see me bitches gotta go ew
Why my lil nigga still gotta sell krills
Why I'm this hot and still didn't get a deal (chea)
The rain and the pain
I done paid my dues
I'm ready for the game
I done laced my shoes
Everything I say believe I'm gon do
Came out the coup petite with tall boots
Can I get a encore I know you want more
I know you sick of all them girls
They're such a bore
But it's my time I need ya'll to roar
It's my time I need ya'll to roar
(What the hell are you waiting for)
After me there shall be no more
It's my time I need ya'll to roar
(What the hell are you waiting for)
Look what you made me do
Look what I made for you
Knew when I paid my dues
That I would aim for you
Straight from the streets of Queens and yet it seems
The only thing they know is that I push a beam
All they sees a pretty face
How I ride the base
So I put my hoodie down just to hide my face
They don't see the tears I cry, the fears I hide
Told me keep my cares inside, it's merely pride
Like my grandmother, I wonder if she next to pop
Said the next time I seen her she would be in a box (damn)
She was right, she was dead right
How was I to know that would be her last night (last night)
If I could turn back the time
Dear God, somehow could you press rewind
Won't come when I call, but he just in time
So I come when he call, like I'm next in line
When you got something good why the devil gotta ruin it
Guess she never know I be the best bitch doin it Can I get a encore I know you want more But it's my time I need ya'll to roar It's my time I need ya'll to roar




Look here, listen man, listen man
Good morning New York
My name is Weezy F Baby, I am the president
And um...Is this thing on? Testing...
Today I come to talk to you about, a very serious situation...
It's this bitch I know, and uh, and she, uh, ya know
She's not your ordinary bitch, ya know?
You could smell the swagger off of the bitch, breh, you know what I mean?
You know, I personally don't think, you know, um...
Any you other bitches could fuck with her, you know what I mean?
And no, don't take that shit to heart, uh, take it to your pussy
You know what I mean? Cause she gon' take it to your necks
And uh, who I'm talkin' bout?
I'm talkin' bout Nicki Minaj, nigga, yeah, the Mistress
Yo, they be like, "why she call herself the Mistress?"
I be like, "I dunno" And they be like, "I dunno, why she call herself Nicki Lewinsky?" And I be like, "I dunno," And they be like, "Why you call yourself the President?" And, ehh.. Fuck y'all Young Mulah, baby! Dirty Money




Ayo young money niigga. Hello brooklyn. President carter. Nicki Lewinsky.
Me and the dread yo. Give him some head blow.
Lonq as he know he keep me flyer then a red bull.
Don't give a damn when christmas is my bitches is president mistresses.
Now let's qo. I'm with the boss I'm ms.ross.
I make them girls jump like I'm criss.cross.
Back to basics biitch I been hot since asix and I'm tighter then face lifts.
Flyer the spaceships. Now as for dread? I met him on mars.
I said I am MiNAj and I'm gooden wiit the bars.
He said that he a martian he can be my tarzan and he looking for a bad bitch for his squadron.That's how we got together. See he control the weather.
I leave my planet never. Without my umbrella.
It's dirty money slash younq money cash money.You can't catch money. Run it niiqqa fast money. Getting at weezy u commin thru meezy and I won't hesitate to do anyone greezy.
If he grimmie the word then I'm flippin the bird and then I'm spinning around and i'm grippin the burned.See I been the biitch since bubble gum and double dutch.
You was playin hopscotch bitch I been top notch.
Bitches is wacc they trash they just pollution.
Write ya own raps make that ya resolution. I got u baby! Yeah, ok I'm dread yo.
I keep a red hoe. I keep a red bow. Blood gang bitch! I get that bread, dough.
I get that head blow until she got a red throat. (Haha).
Now who be. Rolliin with the boy like sushi.
She said her name was Nicki. I'm too G.
I ain't have to introduce me. She knew me.
I told her that's she's unique like a boutique.
And I got her and she said she got me. Now let's qo.
She with the boss and I'm the boss. He the president.
Yeah she lewinsky but we neva get caught. and I could give her brain back because I'm so smart. Fuck wiit my bitch and I'm a draw like picaso art. Yeah.
I spiit at u like a hot beat and niqqa if it's not her then it's (not me). Yeah.
As for her. I met her on mars and she say (I am MiNAj and I'm good with the bars) she got me with her charm.
My winqs on my arm. Now we flying ova chicken heads shittin on ya farm.
Like sittin on ya thorn. Like sittin on a thorn.
We stickin to ya ass like brass. So qet a new ala
Rm for me and miss NiCKi barns cause we kill everyone and get acquitted in the morn. So get a new alarm for me and ms NiCKi barns cause we kill everyone and get aquitted in the morning bliing!




Chea, NICKI MINAJ, DIRTY MONEY, YOUNG MONEY
Yo y da fuk dese lil bitches always talkin shit about what dey did and
I dnt give a fuk bitch! NICKI LEWINSKI luck
When u was on stage with ya brain on drugs, nick nack carry crack what my nickname was
And when u was in da hood with bottles of OE, I was OT looking real low key
I do a striptease if da cops stop me, a pair of guess jeans and some beef and broccoli
I was at da rucker I was sippin on a smuckers, I was rockin hats dat was made for da truckers
Dats when I hopped out da pink on pink, hate it when a bitch act like her shit dont stink
C u was drippin wet u was jumpin n da crowd, I was in a jet I was swervin thru a cloud U kno, I'm a put dem bitches in a time machine and and and and send em back 2 da past and shit
Bitches always talkin bout shit dey did and all dat bitch get in a time machine Time machine bitches always talkin bout da old days When dey was hot when dey was touring with da oj's
I tell a bitch this I'm not impressed bitch I'm nicki m trick I'm always on da guest list I'm on my way 2 rikers island with a couple hard I'm on a bike 954 double are And they don't write shit dey mite write a couple bars Dats y dey gettin drop drop like a couple cars (you shouldn't have said that) NY 2 NO late nite shows like letterman and leno End where u cut it homeslice your gar-bage White bois tell me dat I rock like guitars C c ya c anna mae, I'm bout 2 slap ya'll bitches round and call y'all anna mae Like dat dats what y'all go get in a minute, real real talk like cause ya kno dis is 08 now like so Anything u talk about like it gotta b it gotta b at least within a 2 year radius type shit like IIdon't care what happened 50 years ago like u kno u no u no call all bets all bets are off bitches Ya no game just begun






Buck, buck, buck, buck
Cause I don't play clown
Buck, buck, buck
Take that with you all the way down
Buck, buck, buck, Buck, buck, buck
Buck, buck, buck
Take that with you all the way down
Buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck
Up up up and away cause I don't play clown 
Tell these bitches that I'm not the one
Some of them might get away but I'm poppin' one
I'm on the back of the bike just cockin' guns
German helmet, pumps and Versace stuns
I am the ninja, bitch named Ginger
Hope somebody got a couple limbs they can lend ya
Cause I'm the President, run up in ya resident
Say hello to the (gunshot) baddest bitch ya ever met
Buck buck buck, buck buck buck
Sawed-off followed by the Mossberg Pump
When I come through it get hotter than a soup kitchen
I leave clips in your head like a beautician
I hit one, you hit one, that means who alive
But if they come back to Queens, that's a suicide
I got some killers, better tell these bitches who am I
In Italy already chilling with the tour guide
u can take this with you on the way down
Or way up, as long as my money gets paid up
My weight up, don't come into my lane with no layups
Get ate up, you see how much space your boy take up
Usually I'm calm though but when it come to long dough
I don't aim for the vest, hit you from the face up
When it's in a palm dough turn into a John Doe
I'm psycho, I think about this shit when I wake up
I don't want to starve kids, I want y'all to all live
So I'm gonna retire in a lambo like Favre did
Aw shit news flash dummy, I'm acting juvenile, that new cash money
It's buck, buck, buck, if dude act funny
I already told niggas don't do that to me I'm blazing the four so watch what you say to your boy Take that with you on your way to the morgue, one




Hello world Young Mulla baby!!!
Murder dem Murder dem aust one word body a third of them'
Kick kick game can't injure Nicki, that's why they nick nick named me Ninja Nicki,
I'm such a yes, and your a no no,
Live with a dragon, and wear a Kimono,
I'm from the Philippines, badder than Billy Jean,
Is that why I get more head than a guillotine?
Lookin dumb truck, cause you bumbs suck,
Where da arm, where the fXXk is my nun-Chucks,
I'm in Tokyo with the CokekeyO, somebody sleeping in my bed like Nokio,
I'm gettin illa then, poppin a pill again,
I'm on the Island, and I'm looking for Gillgan,
And where my timberland, O God I'm trembling,
Can't find my keys, but I know I hear them jingling,
Your such a Marilyn, Monroe Manson,
I got some heroin, wanna go dancing?,
You at the door? ok
I'm bout to come now
Getting numb now
Don't let me come down
Sniffin on sum good blow
It's like I'm sniffin on a temple
And I can't come down now
Cause I'm a higher then, higher then, higher then a kite
YEAH I do what I does
I come through this bxxxh wrist blue in cause
I'm so five star suwop to the bloods
And before I had a mirrow I knew who I was
I know where I'm goin I knew where I was
Datt datt dirty dirty south see my shoes from the mud
Who can youu trust? Who can you love?
When love kills like they gave cupid a gun
It go (BLAOW) Like u shooting for fun and sometimes the solution is execution for some,
Besides, you don't want that intrusion at one AM in the conclusion is that you loosing the sun
Don't induceing my funds, I smoke the fruitiest I mean the stupidest buzz blunts I get stupid as duh I swear my dubbies Is uhh fat and just like it you can't get lit
Sxxt don't stink when you shitting in a bank
Let a man run an errand I'm a hit him like aye
Look him in the eye and a nxxxa might blink
Aim at his head and I nxxxa might think (listen)
Sniffin on sum good blow
It's like I'm sniffin on a temple
And I can't come down now
Cause I'm a higher, than higher than, higher than a kite
Young Mulla Baby Yo its the president man and the mistress Ms. Nicki Minaj A.K.A Nicki Luinsky And I am the president Shut your mouth




Ok, ok, ok... chea, come on, come on, uhuh, listen
Ye' ain't sayin nothin lil mama I got those and I'm bout to bl- blow like snot nose,
(wha) oh no, no homo this is for my niggas, my niggas that don't kno please tell these rap
Bitches to get ready don't get gassed unless your getting getty, don't get jerk. your jerk
Don't get nutty fix up your paper work your sumbody. but you ain't better than the president
I'm just too eloquent. bitch I'm the president. I be sittin on a elephant coutin all my money
Where stella went... and I don't need my groove back unless tha nigga lookin like 2-pac
Unless he got colors like tu-can... sam, sam I am. different color lambs green eggs and ham
Bet I can bake a gram like the bakers man. stop runnin up on me like who? what? when
I stay around the white ike the klu klux klan. I stay around the sand butter pecan tan
(look) butter pecan tan. I stay around the sand butter peacan tan nigga,
Damn, look I'm a bad bitch, I'm a give y'all a couple more bars. it's nothin listen
I was shotgun when the bentley cruised up. I'm a bad bitch I jus throw my shoes up
I don't say hi I jus throw my 2's up.when I'm in texas I chuck my deuce up. bitches is snake
Sorta like medusa. fly kid on the beats like a new producer (I hate Nicki Minaj) just excuse
Her I'm in a GT she in a PT cruiser. I'm in the PT Bruiser, dang lil mama you is such a loser,
Ok you is such a loser, dang lil mama you is such a loser
I mean if I'm not the the badest bitch then who the fuck is I mean... you kno wen I
Do it's done get who you want like I'm a bodie every last bitch in the game, I'm a sit on tha throne And these bitches gonna have 2 be picking my fruit out like. I want sum I'll like sum fresh strawberries And shit tell dem bitches to get ready 2 pick my fruit out... I'm a be sittin on tha throne like Micheal Jackson and Eddie Murphy it's nothin... ye yeh digg






Yo why these bitches in the game getting serious for I was just playin wen I said you
Looked like curious george I mean I was in da SL ice on da bez-el I ain't mad at you
Lil mama you a sketel I'm a winna you dat think dat start with a es L rhyme with a cruzer
End with a r-ra yup your a loser I am a super star-a f.a.b.o I do it like tacara (f.a.b.o) cause
Ya sum dylon hoes try to fuck up ma band I fucks with nylon hoes I got da pumps an
Da bumps da pumps in da trunks incase I gotta spaz an blast you mudda cunts (blaaa)
I had 2 laugh at dat 1 bitch get outta line I'm a slap da fat one (ooh) I'm such a maniac
Where wayne at I'm tryna get sum brainiac (ooh) I gets down like wen niggs is shootin
Mami I style wild like wen niggas is lootin hoes is mad cause hoes is loosin dey do alot
Of walking I do a lot of cruzin put da top in da back of da trunk take off ma shoe slap
A bitch with da back of da pump I ain't neva had a problem givin bitches da business
Pop bitches in da eye like a finish ma spinach all ma newyork broads spend chips in
Da village hopped out da yellow cab oops da yellow jaguar girls don't like me guess
It's da swagger don't talk 2 me bout chicks got skills shes alright but shes not real listen
Big homey I'm dat deal I say I body bitches means dat bitch got killed ridin da base
Line like I'm quill o'neal now how many bitches do it take 2 knock me down you no
Bitches gone hate but I don't giva fuck who you bodied on tape I'm in to movin weight
Mami in an out of state let's get it now how many bitches do it take 2 knock me down you no Bitches gone hate but I don't giva fuck who you bodied on tape I'm in to movin weight Mami in an out of state let's get it now




Yo, listen This is the mixtape bitches Nicki Minaj, Nicki Lewinsky, Nicki the mistress You understand me? This is Sucka Free, ya dig?


Now every club promoter wanna bid like auction
Cause we pack show Cel-tics like Boston
You see me in the lobby taking pics I'm flossin
After every pic gotta fix my corset
I am running this shit I am so exhausted
Batter up bitches but approach with caution
You be talking slick and honestly I can see why
You don't know me and I ain't talking bout TI
Just when they thought I was done for the winter I
Came out stunting I'm such a big spender I
Two of everything but no I'm not a Gemini
My life's a movie, take me to the cinema
Take me out to the ball game, cause you know I only fuck with ballers (yep!)
Them is my type of niggas, shot-callers
I been around the world I'm such a bad, bad girl
I got the Austin Power flow I'm groovy bitches
And no you're no match for my oozie bitches
I dumb my raps down so I don't lose these bitches
Say some sex shit like wetter than jacuzzi bitches
Been around the world, I still can't find
Another girl that can steal my shine.
I've had my highs, I've had my lows
But you can't tell me that I am not the baddest bitch
I'm the baddest bitch
The mistress I'm the baddest bitch.
I'm the baddest bitch
Trick-trick-trick please I'm the baddest bitch.
Half a bar just to laugh at em
High school if he ball throw my math at em
And if he want some pussy that's a no-no
I only fuck with bad bitches no homo
Flow sicker than LL
Chinese and them things go pow-pow
Word to me all them girls better bow down Nicki Minaj I'm the talk of the town now. Baddest, the baddest, my pussy's the phattest I'm bad. Bad. Bad, bad.




Oh I Get, Oh Okay
Niggas tryna, niggas tryna, tryna be on some slick shit
How you gonna do a freaky girl song and not include Nicki Minaj
I mean come on now you no my fuckin name (let's get it)
She's a very freaky girl don't bring her to momma
First you get her name then you get her number
Then you get some brain in da' front seat of the humma'
Then you get some brain in da' front seat of the humma'
She's a very freaky girl she get it from her momma
First you get her name then you get her number
Then you get some brain in da' front seat of the humma'
Then you get some brain in da' front seat of the humma'
You wanna a freaky girl, welcome to Nicki world,
Ni-Ni-Ni-Nicki world, Ni-Ni-Ni-Nicki world
Umm let me think, what can I do to kick it off
How bout I cum all on your dick and then I lick it off...
I mean sumthin so funny when it get soft,
I like to play witt it, squeeze it like a stress ball
He said he like to hear the sound of me slurpin it,
Turn off his phone cause' them hoes keep chirpin it
Tell me that I got the fattest pussy in the whole world
And if I let him eat it I can be his O' Girl,
Fuck I look lyk turnin down sum head,
I mean dats sorta like a bird turning down some bread,
You can eat it like a treat, you can squirt it, you can skeet,
I'm a freak I love to beat,
Just don't get none in my sheets
But everytime I pop the coochi Gucci start choking (and)
Now I'm kinda scurred I got a feelin Gucci stalking me
Sex game kinky, niggas call me pinky
Fuck a president, I am Nicki Lawintzky
Very freaky girl don't bring her to momma
First you get her name then you get her number
Then you get some brain in da' front seat of the humma'
Then you get some brain in da' front seat of the humma'
I'm a very freaky girl, very freaky girl girl,
Very freaky girl, very freaky girl girl,
Very freaky girl, very freaky girl girl.
(Oh) You want a freaky girl, welcome to Kimmie's world
You ain't gone wanna leave, is lyk a kid at Disneyworld,
My deep throat have a squirting like a water gun
Coochie ova flowin like somebody let the faucet run
Bust one nut I ain't done I got more to cum
Friends tell more to cum, we gone have sum orgy fun (yeeeah!)
Chew on me lyk sum bubblegum, I lick it like a lollipop
Once u taste my honey bun
It's our lil secret just like my underwear
You know pain is pleasure, can u make shed a tear
Smack my ass, grab my neck got em cumin everywhere I'm a freak so I don't care just don't get none in my hair Now he calling me wifey and he wanna introduce me Takin me on shopping sprees, he wanna buy me Gucci Zoomin like I'm Boosie on the back of his Suzuki And I ain't even sex him all I did was let him eat my fuckin coochie




Ay yo yo yo Ay yo WHAT!
Muthafucka you know who it is, ya mean, you boi the muthafuckin everything
I'm everything, (HaHaHaaa) But we neither here nor there this is for ma muthafuckin beotchh
Nicki Minaj, Sucka Free, I love you baby, You know I'm lookin for you, you be dodging
Me, ya mean, you be in miami layin songs and all dat, But umm it's all good, ya'll
Niggas make sure ya'll ch-check this shit out right here, Sucka Free, Nicki Minaj, Spittin that
Shit for ya'll niggas and bitches, Ya dig, stop hidding from me to,
Sucka Free MuthaFucka WHAT!
Remixxxx Ay yo Kiss look I mean you know m-my aka sit on ya favorite rapper face and shit you know like I mean you know
The question today is Who's my favorite rapper like everybody wanna know, ya mean
(Hahaha) Guess What? Your My Favorite Rapper.
I'm a spit on it then I'm gonna sit on it You can fuck my girls to Daddy I'm a kindone it,
I'm a put my lips on ya lips, who's better, nigga you can ask Micheal Jack. who's badder,
You can lick it from the front you can lick it from the back, when I jiggle my ass you can do your lil' laugh,
(hahaha) You so funny Kiss, I wanted to fuck you since, you worked with that yummie bitch,
Anyway I got a tight lil' honey dip, that's why these niggas git tight when honey dip,
Niggas know my pussy taste like mango-tango, so they put a couple karats in my ankle bangle,
When my legs go back you can hear them jangle, wish ya pocket can't stop like a can of pringles, Let me, grab the mic while I spit ya song (slurp slurp) uh six seconds Jadakiss your on, Uh Uh On Uh Uh On Uh Uh Uh Uh Onnnnnnn! Doin it and doin it and doin it well
I represent Queens, he was raised down in Yonkers Doin it and doin it and doin it well  I represent Queens, he was raised down in Yonkers




Welcome to Star Box
Yeah shawty I'm tryna get me some thick thighs and some chinky eyes.
I need a real good box Oh ok A real good box. Okay, aye yo Nick! Yo?
Yeah shawty out here want umm a #3 Oh, alright tell him to come around to my window, I got him it's nuffin. Oh alright. And yo you know the slogan right?
Yeah, I know how it go Pussy by any means. First I take they order at the Cuchi Shop
Then I send 'em a girl that can make her coochie pop
And then I smuggle all my money through the ? spot
(Up in the Phantom, have you wishing you had 'em, I'm the madam.)
And there ain't no returns at the Cuchi Shop
We don't wanna hear it burns at the Cuchi Shop
Just listen and you'll learn at the Cuchi Shop.
(Up in the Phantom, have you wishing you had 'em, I'm the madam.)
What you need thick thighs and some chinky eyes?
Super size all your sides like your biggie fries.
For a better prize you can get some better pie
Strawberry, apple, cherry even lemon lime.
What you want them B cups or them C cups?
For your ice cream, chocolate or butter P cups?
French vanilla threesomes that come in D cups
They eat each other but otherwise they don't eat much.
I'm bout that fast money, money ain't got no patience.
But if them boys come run like you on probation
Listen up, I'm a send ya to the location
Write it down, take a picture, make a notation.
Relax lil nigga cut the bull (cut it out) We tax niggas no deductible (get it out) So what it is? What it ain't? Nigga state ya name. You know we got them umbrellas if ya make it rain. So what you want them good girls or them bad ones? I got them girls make ya wish ya never had none. Cause you'll be spending beaucoup in my spot shawty. This nigga acting brand new like he just bout it. Up and away like Mighty Mouse You can say I am the rap game Heidi Fleiss Cause my flow crazy, Hussein like Sadam You getting it? I got 'em, I'm the rap bitch madam, I'm the madam!




People tryin to fool me call me Lil Nicki




I got a fetish for boys that's pushing them nice toys
A fetish for dem boys that's fresher than altoids
I got a thing for a dude in a fresh pair of Mauri's
If he rocking 'em right then I might let him call me
He put the Prada bag with the Prada heels wid it
The Louis dufflebag had about a mill in it
From here to Trinidad, man I should've been did it
Cause everything I had I just doubled them digits
That's the kinda dude that can roll with the President
Sit up in the Rolls maybe roll to my residence
Stay around Fendi, he love my spaghetti
He let me do my thing he ain't never act petty
If he ringing, I'm dipping, put the ring in my lip and
I just give 'em wink, what the fuck did you think?
Now he spending and tricking, so the chickens is tripping
I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, Ha ha hahahaha HA
That's what my girls say
Errday my birthday
Young Money sipping rozay when we thirstay
Okay, c'mon Good Evening New York! (Water crashing against shore sound)
That mean I live by the beach
Sand on the welcome mat, flyer than a Falcon
Black tires, black rims, just to help em look good
In the summer, my car look better than your woman
My woman look better than your momma
And I don't wanna name, or number, just some brain from her, naw
I ain't came in a Hummer, that's a Bentley Marlow on her
I'm nasty on the beat like the runners, I'm a gunner
Like a hunter with a gun, with a deer right in front 'em
I'mma send him to who brung him, let Nina Ross Tongue him
Oh back to the subject, I'm balling without a budget
I'm a big spender, but I ain't done yet
Ima keep that shit running, like I'm Marshall Faulk's son and
On a Sunday, I'm Devin Hester, you don't want to punt it
You do it but I done it, I stun it, I spun it That's what my girls say
Everyday my birthday Young Money sipping rosay when we thirstay Uh huh Okay c'mon Nicki Minaj man AKA Nicki Lewinsky man Eyy Big Spender Like I said, Nicki Minaj You bitches open up your pussies and get ready




Some live for the bill
Some kill for the bill
She whine for the bill
Grind for the bill
(and she used to be the sweetest girl)
Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay they bill
(and she used to be the sweetest girl)
Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy on the bill
High school she was that girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym
(Just to get a peek again, she's a 10)
High school she was
That girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym
(Just to get a peek again, she's a 10)
Never thought that she would come and work for the president
Mr. George Washington (where my money at?)
She thought he'd call (where my money at?)
She had a good day, bad day, sunny day, rainy day
All he wanna know is is (where my money at?)
Closed legs don't get fed, go out there and make my bread
All he wanna know is (where my money at?)
She ended up in a road car, bruised up, scarred hard
All he wanna know is (where my money at?)
She thought he'd call (where my money at?)
See I'mma tell you like you told me
Cash rules everything around me
Singin' dollar dollar bill y'all (dollar, dollar bill y'all)
Singin' dollar dollar bill y'all (dollar, dollar bill y'all)
Money, money-money-money
Money, money-money-money
It drives the world crazy
She used to be
She used to be the sweetest girl
but when a good girl gone she gone forever
and you can't make it rain without the stormy weather
and its funny when it rains, when it rains it pours
would've never happened if I would've stayed in doors
would've never happened if I never traded in my textbooks
cause now I'm hot but the credits say I'm just looks
they say I'm too sexy, they say I'm selling out
cuz when I cum out niggas get their umbrellas out
I take the l cuz I don't wont to see my brother loose
been through it all but i can never fill my mothers shoes
and I don't want a hand out I just want my ad lipes to get paned out
and I just wanna tell the girl that could feel me
that I just play the card a nigga deal me
see everything I been through could've killed me
that's why there really nothing you could tell me
you see I live for the bill, I die for the bill
but I make sure I read the bi to the bill
and everytime I write I'm persise in my skill.
its more out of life then just ice in your grill
you wanna fuck me blame me
fuck you pay me
this is what you made me (where my money at)
say you want to drape me turn around and rape me nawl you ain't mistake me (where my money at) where my girls at, where my girls at
if they be fronting then tell them yo where my money at where my money at where my-where my money at where my money at where my girls at (hey) where my girls at (yea) if they be fronting then tell them yo where my money at (where my money) where my money at where my-where my money at where my money at






Ya girl been hot since Corduroys, since quarter waters
And all the boys use to try to be like the corner boys
Cos they heard the pussy wetter than them dorney rides
Fuck with who? Fucks with you
When is them checks cleared like Huxtables
I’m known to hang with a thug or two
Niggas that only do what a thug would do
Ask about me, the FEDS watch daily
Getting' more cheese, more bread than a deli
And I’m getting’ love fam now like Nelly
And I throw it up 12 o’clock when I wheelie
I’m in the area, scoop my nigga Jada
You gotta be brave, you gotta get paid
Ain’t nothin’ worse than being a broke bitch
I always got crack I tell ‘em to smoke this
Yo, ya boy been nice since thunder cats
Since leather boomers and lumber jacks
Come outside with a hundred stack
Jeans with the sweat pants under that, yeah
Front on who? Not on me
Niggas know I keep the seventeen shot on me
Made a lil something off rap, lot off D
Get your points off another nigga, not off me
Air forces, new trues and a crispy tee
New coupe nigga CL-63
Cost you nothing’, we get hit for free
With Nicki, matter fact, nah, the bitch with me
So you wanna sip goose and play Nintendo Wii, no
Get the bricks and flip the ya-yo Chirp if you looking for the work 100 dollars of pussy, my misses getting’ busy FEDs getting dizzy niggas tryna get me So I change the sizzy combination to the cizzy Brand new V that’s what I get for pitchin Nice little crib, a couch that I could sit in Umm I mean sit on, blow piff, fuck a bitch on Oops I mean feller keeps the umbrella And I only fuck with them paper makers Nicki Lewinski LK ta Jada






You be yelling boom boom
when yah really pum pum
See my flow hotter then noon in june june
If Biggie was alive he sign me
Im the New Edition like Bobby & Ronnie
Just give me the beat & a bottle of Dasani
& I don't need Clyde
Im a boss Fuck a Bonnie
Yah digg?
Religious like the preachers
Came here to warn yah
Listen bitches I'm the teacher
Go sit in the corner
How many Times I gotta spit
Till they noe that I'm the bitch
Im flyer Den a maget
Im on sum shit
1st they love you then they switch
Yea they switch like fagets
Thats why I keep the lama
In Gabana Fabric
Im the shit
Should be in pampers
Like Markie Bizz
Give anybody the business
Like hers or his's
Cuz my flow tighter then them virgin bitches
you know them asalamalakum dem Persian bitches
& if you miss me I'm swervin 6's
Got damn ain't even pregnant but I'm birthin bitches
Cuz I got Flavor like that girl
Delicious Stop actin Like you a killa with them girly disses bitches
I aint johnny but my my my
she want it with me tell her fi bloodclot try
you ain't through I'm the truth you a lie
My whole borough yellin out boom bye bye
cuz when I seen her she was shaking in her boots
When Nicki came thru she was throwing up her duce
Slap her then I asked her wats my name
She said N.I.C The president of the NYC Yah dead wrong
These bitches is buns You got it going on Aye Yung Nic yah dead wrong Okay. Chea! Dirty money nigga wha? When I do it it's done & goddid it I won nigga - I'm dead wrong My nigga patty to the dupe, nigga catty to the coupe nigga chea ya dead wrong My nigga diggs on the board, Oh lordy on the board nigga ya dead wrong..




Patty cake, Patty cake I mean really, what the fuck that bitch, Patty bake?
Anyway, I just heard T.I.P. say, that black people, Turning' lemons into lemonade, tell 'em to demonstrate I guess he did already, guess I'm a little bitter
Cause I show bitches how to do it, like they baby sitter
So where my cash at? And where my stash at?
I mean, where the Dow Jones, where the Nas-Daq?
I do it for the little macs, with their caps back
My little niggas pumpin' crack, out they napsack
Know what I mean? Get the sticky cream, pass that
I smoke bitches, can't nicotine patch that
Don't need your spot, to get a good game
Cause a shot is a shot, if you got a good aim
It's been a long time coming, but I came
Now everybody in the rap game know my name
But honey ain't a damn thing funny when your fame
Outweighs your change, outweighs your change We on the road to riches
I'm fucking loads of bitches
I'm playing with you mama
Nicki, she's so suspicious
My little golden mistress
For her, I load them biscuits
Yeah I roll with Nicholas
We so explicit, you won't resist it
It's been a long time coming
But you don't know specifics
No more phony wishes
We ready, cause now we know the business
Come holla at your guy
I always make it pour
Invite me to ya wedding
I throw dollars at the bride
It's dirty money, dirty jeans
And dirty skullies You heard he funny, but chill I'm still absurdly gully Most of these rappers lost It's no cash at all If I knew this back then I'da just played basketball Or maybe not, they say that I never pass the ball If there's no cash involved Baby I'mma laugh it off




How you gon tel me I'm not the best that came out the west um I mean the east I'm the president but I don't live in dc I rep the ny fyi I said I rep the ny fyi I get them pies to the guys that say  I'm the head honcho get work from papi and dead poncho put in the roncho
I mean the range ro where we let them things go I onli fucc with dudes that could let they chain show I'm such a 80s bay thing you could beat me then you lycra?
bitches having pushing out baby won't you be my dj like lazy k
I'm such a psycho niggas call me micko nicki been hot since you was on your tricycle
bitches romans country men used to salute the president with your country friend bitch
you ain't writing shyt you get 10% and you softer than dem dudes with wrists bent it's nickelodeon I am the president where my podium why these girls salty why they sodium is it
because my flow slicker than petroleum see I'm the yellow bus girl say nicki you the best
and I tell em urr duhh you tell me wat I know
I guess I must concur I'm the reason why these bitches yellin fucc her
cause everybody hate when your great and your caking and wen I say caking
I ain't talkin bout bacon but they gon get it all wring fuccing with dem fake thugs
and dem fake don juans say he got workers lik the kids in hong kong
but he ain't getting chips unless you count them bon tons tell that nigga womp womp cause he ain't getting chips unless you count them bon tons




Ya know dey say Nicki spit crazy
Get it poppin like M 80's or twin tre 80's Yunq money first lady Ya kno Baby girl of dha group
I'm also known as Baby girl in dha coupe
Neva qet mi confused as Baby girl in da hoop Nicki stay fly Like dat cash money dude I'm stuntin on these hoes Like marilyn monroe I got a s curl flow I spit slick ya kno Need I don't jus spit raps Need chit chat Nicki could get it in Nicki could spit gats Ya girl qot hustle
Nicki could pitch crack But Nicki rather chill Need stack a mill While these hoes Stay in hoods like rats 4 real Ma voice stai on dha track Like a mac 4 real
Rotten dha baseline like Shaquille o neal Gassed ya baby father
4 dha keys 2 dha escalade Not a baby momma But I'm drama like kay slate What can I sai
That's how ya girl do Ya girl stay fresh down 2 dha cuticles My people smoke dutches
We don't fuck with bamboo I'm a winner mommi Ya career's a gamble
Old ass broad Off track Like bad weaves Nicki stai on her toes On point like ballerinas Let Me remind u I'm getting a tan 2 Ya caramel dream Ya girl from queens
Dey say I'm 2 pretti 2 b spittin 16 I should b on dha screen Posin 4 maybelline
Or b a baby phat girl Kitten on ma jean Hood star broad Black barbie doll Pardon mi if dha cockiness Bothering y'all I'm jus bein Nicki Minaj ya know Girl from around wai
Without dha l cool j Ma u spit kool aid
I spit acid out Doin dis since U was reebok classic doubt Need dis hoe wanna get at nick Cause I bagged her baby daddy She ain't seen him since
Nick so gudda Lil white tee Need sum air max on Sum dolce gabbana
Pretty panties on Like wait Till dha summer catch me
Up in dha hummer On ma wai 2 555 front Run with dha rucka And every baller wanna Neva give out ma number only dha email Cherry thonq.com holla Name a girl as real as her No not dem Who's ya best MC Nick Fox & Kim Cant 4 get rem Nick up in dha porsche Box or dha benz




May the lord protect me as the world gets hectic
My voice projected my life reflected Daddy was a crack fiend 2 in the morning had us running down the block like a track team When he burnt the house down and my mother was in it
How could I forget it? The pain is infinite She's my queen and I ain't even British
She's the only reason that I went to school and I finished
She told me that I had talent Got on her knees and prayed for me when I started being violent
She saw something in me that, 'til this day I don't know if I could be that
But I'm a die trying and when I'm done crying
Grab the iron And black out like I'm retiring
Nightmares of you killing my mother The reason that I sleep with my head under the covers and should've thrown a book at you 'cause I hate you so much that it burn when I look at you
May the lord protect me as the world gets hectic my voice projected my life reflected
Damn I wanna run to you Hold you and kiss you tell you how I miss you
Thought I would have a son for you
But now it's officially over and I can't let you go
But I gotta let you know all the shit I did make it feel like I'm dying real slow,
'cause no one understands me they don't know what to do when I'm hurt when I'm angry
You was my friend and my man and my daddy,
You was there when that bitch tried to stab me anything I ever needed knew you had me
'Cause of you all them chicks couldn't stand me
So why I hurt you that's the question It took this long for me to learn my lesson
'Cause now all I want is peace and get drama I finally understand the true meaning of karma
May the lord protect me as the world gets hectic my voice projected my life reflected
Please baby forgive me, mommy was young, mommy was to busy tryna have fun
and now I don't pat myself on the back for sending you back
'cause god knows I was better than that to conceive then leave you the concept alone seems evil I'm trapped in my conscience
I adhere to the nonsense listened to people who told me I wasn't ready for you
But how the fuck would they know what I was ready to do
And of course it wasn't your fault It's like I feel it in the air, I hear you saying mommy don't cry
can't you see I'm right here I gotta let you know what you mean to me
when I'm sleeping I see you in my dreams with me wish I could touch your little face or just hold your little hand if it's part of gods plan, maybe we can meet again May the lord protect me as the world gets hectic my voice projected my life reflected




I'm signing' out this bitch And like I said, this was the mixtape, faggots Sucka Free, bitch Nicki Minaj Young Moola, Dirty Money, man The mistress President, yo!


Ow, Uh huh No Homo I said he so sweet make her wanna lick the wrapper So I let her lick the Rapper She She She lick me like a lollipop She She lick me like a lollipop She She She She lick me like a lollipop She She lick me like a lollipop Shorty wanna thug (yeh)
Bottles in the club (yeh) Shorty wanna hump (yeh) You know I like to touch (yeh) Those lovely lady lumps (yeh) (she lick me like a lollipop) Shorty wanna thug (I like that)
Bottles in the club (I like that) Shorty wanna hump (yeh) You know I like to touch (yeh) Those lovely lady lumps (yeh) Come on Yeah Ok, lil mama had a swag like mine
She even wear her hair down her back like mine I make her feel right when it's wrong like lying And man she ain't never had a love like man But man I ain't ever seen a ass like hers
That pussy in my mouth had me lost for words I told her back it up like urp urp
Make that ass jump like jump jump And that's when she She she she lick me like a lollipop (o yeah I like that) She she lick me like a lollipop (yeh I like that) She she she lick me like a lollipop (yeh I like that) She she lick me like a lollipop (yeh) Shorty wanna thug (shorty wanna thug) Bottles in the club (bottles in the club) Shorty wanna hump (wanna hump)
You know I like to touch (like to touch) Those lovely lady lumps (lovely lady lumps)
Shorty wanna thug Bottles in the club Shorty wanna hump You know I like to touch
Those lovely lady lumps Ok After you back it up then stop Drop it shorty
Drop it like it's hot Ooooo drop it like it's hot Don't stop Ay um
You know They know I got the fattest pussy in the business Like I don't even know why ya
Ya know wat I mean Like come on I'm Nicki Minaj Ya know how the fuck I do
Nicki-lewinski President Carter Young Money Shorty wanna li li li li lick me like a lollipop
Shorty said he li li like the way I make punany pop Shorty wanna li li lick me in the candy apple drop I got that presidential cooch When he see it he salute Cause ain't no nappy pubes Just a lot of juice A little mohawk Posing for the Photog He get me so He get me so He get me so smart He make my pussy sing Ahhhhh Like it's Mozart He say the pussy pretty
It look like show art He say who pussy is it And I say yours And when he spank this I make that pussy fart I'm such an actress Melissa Joan Hart Shorty said the nigga that she with ain't shit Shorty said the nigga that she with ain't this Shorty said the nigga that she with can't hit But shorty I'm a hit it hit it like I can't miss And he can't do this And he don't do that Shorty need a refund Need to bring that nigga back Just like a refund I make her bring that ass back And she bring that ass back Because I like that
Shorty wanna thug (yeah I like that) Bottles in the club (yeah I like that) Shorty wanna hump (yea) You know I like to touch (I like that) Those lovely lady lumps (ya) Shorty wanna li li li li lick me like a lollipop Shorty wanna li li li li lick me like a lollipop Shorty wanna like me (like a lollipop) So I let her lick the rapper (she she lick me like a lollipop) Shorty wanna thug (shorty wanna thug) Bottles in the club (bottles in the club) Shorty wanna hump (wanna hump)
You know I like to touch (like to touch) Those lovely lady lumps (lovely lady lumps) Call me so I can make it juicy for ya Call me so I can get it juicy for ya Call me so I can make it juicy for ya Call me so I can get it juicy for ya Call me so I can make it juicy for ya Call me so I can get it juicy for ya Call me so I can make it juicy for ya Call me so I can get it juicy for ya Shorty wanna thug (yeah I like that) Bottles in the club (yeah I like that) Shorty wanna hump (yea) You know I like to touch (I like that) Those lovely lady lumps (I said) Shorty wanna thug Bottles in the club Shorty wanna hump You know I like to touch Those lovely lady lumps I get her on top She drop it like it's hot And when I'm at the bottom She Hilary, ride em The middle of the bed Giving, getting head Giving, getting head Giving, getting head
(I like that) Said  (yeh I like that) I said (yeh I like that) Call me so I can come and do it for ya Call me so I can come and prove it for ya Call me so I can make it juicy for ya Call me so I can get it juicy for ya Shorty wanna li li li li lick me like a lollipop (lick me like a lollipop) She She She lick me like a lollipop (lick me like a lollipop) I said he so sweet make her wanna lick the wrapper So I let her lick the Rapper




I got a fresh line up, a nigga tied up, bout to have this
Nigga face on smash, cause I gotta little bad bitch on stash
In the back, got one wet tongue in my ass
I'm the biggest freak that he seen thus far
I'm the-I'm the biggest freak that he see thus far
I'm the biggest freak that he seen thus far
Cause it's just another day in the life gettin my salad tossed
(Uhn) I'm the biggest freak, that he seen thus far
(Chea) Got the fattest box, white tees, no bra
Call them other bitches, for the hugs and the kisses (okay)
When I come (cum) around, it's going down like bitches, (oh)
Tell the dope boys, come holla at my crew
Deep throat 'em, make 'em say, "Yabadabadoo!"
Rockin' door knockers, middle finger to the coppers
"Pussy poppin' on my popper ha ha ha ha you can't stop her" (C3)
I'm the reason, why these bitches tryna get cute
Only rap bitch, pussy taste like fruit
Back to the thuggin', now we sippin' sizzurp
Pour it down my ass, let 'em drink it 'til he bizzurp
Sex game colder, then an ice cold blizzard
I'm about the color of the Geico lizard
I'm the biggest freak, that he seen thus far
Nic-Nicki Lewinski, Pinky with the bar
I got a fresh line up, a nigga tied up, 'bout to have this
Nigga face on smash.cause I gotta little bad bitch on stash
In the back, got one wet tongue in my ass
I'm the biggest freak that he seen thus far
I'm the-I'm the biggest freak that he see thus far
I'm the biggest freak that he seen thus far
Cause it's just another day in the life gettin my salad tossed
Get Tossed, Tossed Tossed T-Tossed, Tossed Tossed T- Tossed
Tossed Tossed T- Tossed, Get Tossed. Tossed Tossed T-Tossed, Tossed
Tossed T-tossed, Tossed Tossed T-Tossed. (My bad bitches that's tryna to get tossed, let's get it c'mon)
Shawty straight diggin me, like I'm his main chick, I know you bitches
On the sideline like ain't that a bitch. On my job (ay) looking for head knock, cause it's
Just another day in my life gettin my salad tossed
I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far (Ross!)
Got the biggest cars, Spanish broads, no bra
Call that other lame for the walks in the parks
I ain't come to play games, I just wanna play my part
Tell ya girlfriend come talk with me, dog
We straight Gs' then we came here to ball
Bottle after bottle and I'm sure you'll count 'em all
Then we off to that Chevy - (Fired up!) and takin off
Baby, slow it down cause you movin too fast
Ass too fine to be movin too fast (hol' up!)
Back to the thuggin, now I'm sippin sizzurp
All my niggas love it, baby that's my wizzerd
Stack for the jeans, five bones for the shizzerts
I don't smoke twenties, eight hundred for the izzards
I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far
You can tell by the shones that's standing by the car
I got a fresh line-up (yea), a fresh outfit
Bout to have the parkin lot on smash
Plus I got a Chevy with a fo'-fifty-fo' in the hood
That bitch got 125 on the dash (She like it gangsta cause...)
(I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far) (I'm the - I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far) - hey (I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far) Cause it's just another day in the life of the goddamn boss Ey-yea-yea-yea-yea-yea-yea-YEA Ey-yea-yea-yea-yea-yea-yea-YEA Eyyyy (YEAA) - uh-huh (Ha ha!) Yea-ea Haaaah, yea-yea-yea-yea-YEAA...I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far...I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far... I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far I'm the - I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far I'm the - I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far




You know, a lot of people ask me
why I feel, that, you know
I've gotten a lot of notoriety so quickly
And, umm, I don't know
People seem to be under the impression
that, I made it to this point, FAST
And, y'know obviously for me
I don't feel like that cause it's me y'know
I feel like I've been doing it, for ten billion years
But, every time someone says something like that to me
I remember to just thank God for, y'know, getting me this far
Cause sometimes you don't realize how far you've gotten
until you look around and, and you look at the people who
who, who are still trailing so far behind you And I know that, that no matter what, it's in the end it's not gonna be about my talent, y'know It's not gonna be about my connections It's not gonna be about my looks It's, it's gonna be about, who wants it, the most And, I want it the most!






you know..it's like when i feel really crazy, i just get my broom and fly away...i go real real far away. Young Money.That's...that's that's just what we do. Ya know,i mean we wear straight jackets, and we, we,we, we st-stay ya know in padded rooms. And ya know, and fly away.
I just came out of the mutherfuckin Old School
Got my Mac notebook with the Pro tools
Yahh Bitches ain't ready for Nicki Lewinsky
Bad "WOOF WOOF" flyer then a Frisbee
So I'm up in Mid-LA eating Mangos
Keep a couple Pink Toes in my Sandals
Got some Bangles all over my Ankles
Such a Star they say I'm a Star Spangle
Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Banner
I am the Rap Hannah
Mah Mon Montana so fix your Antenna
I keep three hoes, But don't call me Santa
And I am flyer then Reindeer in the Winter 
I Get Crazy I I Get Crazy I Get Crazy 
So I got a Bad Bitch mentality
Cause I just came from another Galaxy
I be with the President up in the White House
If we in the Oval Office then the Lights Out
Cause I am the Wicked Witch I'm' the Nickster
And I keep a Bad Bitch on my Jickster
But I leave her in a second for a Thicker
Rockstar little mama with a Guitar
I am Nicki El.Em.En.Oh.Winsky
I mean my name Ring Bells like Tinky
I mean Tinker
Tell that Niqga Link her
Cause I'm' looking for some Good Brains from a Thinker
I Get Crazy I I Get Crazy I Get Crazy 
1, 2, 3rd Floor
Hospital Bound
Niqgas is Doors and I knock Niqgas Down
Straight jacket crooked, I hear you Lookin
I promise I'm Hard, And I swear you Pussy
I ain't crazy, No yes I am Right up in the Coo-Coo nest I land I'm fly now Eat mah Bird shit Yeah I'm' crazy, I'm crazy about your Bitch Wild Animal on mah Bewildered Shixtt I love Brain so I'm' Looking For a Nerd Bitch It's' Nicki Minaj, The Superb Witch And Weezy F. Baby, No Weezy F. Crazy I Get Crazy II Get Crazy I Get Crazy






I was on the plane with Dwayne
You can call me Whitley. I go to Hillman.
Listen, I'm the baddest in the school, the baddest in the game.
Excuse me honey but nobody's in my lane.
When you was in New York, you was fuckin' the Yankee.
I was fuckin' with base, I was pitchin' to Franky.
These bitches so cranky, get them a hanky.
Mommy I'm cold gimme my blanky
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa OK, OK
Whoa, whoa, Holiday
Wait hold on hold on Holiday
You can't give it to them dry like that
You gotta get that shit wet first
Nigga like come on now
You gotta prep them for shit like that (I got you)
They can't just get that shit right off the top
Like you gotta bring that shit back,
Bring that shit the fuck back (Let's go!)
I was on the plane with Dwayne
You can call me Whitley. I go to Hillman.
Listen, I'm the baddest in the school, the baddest in the game.
Excuse me honey but nobody's in my lane.
When you was in New York, you was fuckin' the Yankee.
I was fuckin' with base, I was pitchin' to Franky.
These bitches so cranky, get them a hanky.
M-mommy I'm cold gimme my blanky
Flyer than a kite I get higher than Rapunzel.
Keep the snow white I could buy it by the bundle
Step your cookies up before they crumble.
Don't be actin' like the Cardinals ain't gonna fumble (fumble).
'Cause I'm a Steeler
Fresh up out the dealer.
All the dope boys gon' feel her.
Flow so sick I need a healer.
Fuck is my MAC Concealer?
I be out in Queens on the back of four whee-whee-whee-whee-whee-whee-wheelers
I'm a big deal.
That's why I get more head than a pigtail.
Put some ranch out I'm gettin' the munchies.
I think I'll have a rap bitch for my entrée
'Cause they be thinkin' niggas spit, spit-shine my shoes.
You know I keep a bad bitch let me sign your boobs.
I'm the only thing hoppin' like a kangaroo.
I mean the only thing poppin' like a can of brew.Listen you should buy a sixteen 'cause I write it good.
That 808 woof-woof, 'cause I ride it good
And bitches can't find their man 'cause I ride it good.
I'm the wolf where is Little Red Riding Hood.
And if you see an itty bitty piggy in a market.
Give that bitch a quarter and a car tell her, "Park it."
I don't fuck with pigs like As-Salamu Alaykum,
I put 'em in a field I let Oscar Meyer bake 'em.
And if you see an itty bitty piggy in a market.
Give that bitch a quarter and car tell her, "Park it."
I don't fuck with pigs like As-Salamu Alaykum,
I put 'em in a field and I let Oscar Mayer bake 'em bitches.
God, it's like I just single-handedly annihilated—you know—every rap bitch in the building.
Like like I'm Nicki Minaj, Nicki Lewinsky, Nicki the ninja, Nicki the boss, Nicki the Harajuku Barbie.
Like—I mean I don't even know why you girls bother at this point.
Like—give up, it's me, I win, you lose.
Oh shit yo. I'm a bad bitch, I'm a I'm a bad bitch  I told you, I told you before, I told you y'all was gonna have to pick my fruit out.
Now listen, in addition to picking' my fruit out I want y'all to start going to the boutiques.
Know what I'm saying. Get some get some get some crazy shit for me. I want—I want you know leopard skin and you know I want—I want all that crazy lizard skin shit like—you know—make sure— You can be my personal shopper.




Hay; hay hay ya know it just dawned on me I am Nicki Minaj A HAHA HAHA HAHA
I ain't know the president live in D.C.
And I ain't know they call me Nicki Lewinskie
I never knew that dude with Jay was Pimp C
And I ain't know I be with Paris and Lindsey
I jus know dat I be on my fly girl shit
I fly girl pop up and I fly girl dip I fly girl stunt like a fly girl flip
And I don't never guzzle it I fly girl sip
Now get dat rose get dat get dat rose a lil hennesy and louie the 13
Now everybody look my way my way Excuse all my haters cause they looking sideways
Lets get it now You got me wrong You be sitting by the bar when its yo song
You can act like you don't like it butcha do you do you do do do do do
I think Im gonna kill tha mutha fuckin DJ if he dont let let tha record replay ra ra record replay record replay
I think I'm gonna kill tha mutha fuckin DJ. I aint know tha police was the babylon. And I aint know Im cold just like an avalanche
I never knew my titties was bigger than Pamela's So paparazzi flickin be
Flicking they camera I just know dat I be on my fly girl shit my fly girl stomach and my fly girl hips
I fly girl ball with my fly girl mitts and I can only kiss another fly girls Lips
Now get dat O.J get dat get dat O.J. a lil cranberry and some remy mone
Now everybody look my way my way Excuse all tha haters cause they looking sideways
Let's get it now Welcome like sex an while they be flexin cause they know dat this they song So interesting frontin like they best in damn dem bitches got me wrong Wrong wrong wrong Got me wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah wrong Got me wrah- wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah wrong




I got my mind on my money and I'm not going away...
So keep on getting your paper...
Now you hold it's your excellence...
C.I.T.C.O., forward slash president
East side resident
It's oh so evident
Brinx Billy ride cousin black on black phantom 26's on the side of em...
Ninas on the side of em... goonies on the side of em... anybody can get it boy be careful on the side of them...
These niggas'll bury you guns no serial... money hungry honey when they holler she gonna carry you...
Flyer than a aerial vehicle geritol... sitting on my feet when I'm stunting on them people...
I tell no fables everything tailored... fax machines office max see me for that paper...
You working with short bread ain't my money long youngin...
Bitch I'm on trapping more digits than a phone number different time zones on em kill them niggas lyrically...
Left side of my closet look invaded by Italy... right side Paris left side flagging paper is my main chick me and money married...
And that's all a nigga know bitch that's why these brand new niggas on my old shit...
That's what I did I came up out the truck... you what I'm saying... I chuck my deuces like...
That's all I do like... young money Nicki Minaj it's the ninja harajuku Barbie all that...
Like you know that Like yeah That's what we doing Getting money
Like you know that You writing disses we getting money... yeah boy
Hit me my limousine... all in your magazine... and when I come them better lean like Promethazine
They no say Nicki nice... I'm about my money mama... and tell Michelle I got my eye on Barack Obama...
Tryna get that Madonna you know Hannah Montana... could find me sitting Indian style with the Dalai Lama...
Konichiwa I get my yen then I say sayonara... I'm meditating I'm in cahoots with a higher power...
Mind on money money on mind mind mind on my money mind (yo hoe rai que quo)... mind on money ay mind on my money babe...
How does this money taste whining on money's face... you see the signs and the teachings...
If you ain't know well this is grinding season... now go and get your gangs signs throw it up...
Where all my niggas on them bikes throw it up... we don't care what you say... we ain't going away...
My niggas bring the heat it's not a summer day... So find all my motherfucking money my mind on my motherfucking money oooooo...
Ayo I speak foreign languages and shit... but the language I speak best is that money language… Hahaha flip mode bitch... Brinx I like how we do the Brinx truck job on these niggas homey...Time after time again I like niggas and remind niggas how I hold out on motherfuckers...






Niggas out here fronting about they bread you can't trust it niggas my money so stupid call me Warren Buffer Buster nigga...
Glad it ain't a toss and everything about me butters I've been counting money so long I see dollar signs and different colors...
My money is smear and smothered your money you hear me brother been about that bread like I was broke or still in the gutter...
And in case you ain't know there will be no replacement and them bags of Arab money I got stashed in the basement face it...
When ever I shine I glisten and when ever I talk you listen ain't no money getting made in these street
Without my permission I keeps it drug infested my money is well connected it's to the point when my conglomerate
Is well respected you need to check my method I promise you I be the wrong nigga when it comes to my money
That you ever want to mess with grind like missionary labor holding dignitary paper you already know my team is filled with consigliere we made you...
I don't give a fuck about your stipulation... type of bread appropriate for every situation...
You can tell by the jewelry sitting on my collar from the bread to the crib I know all about the dollar




Holiday, Holiday, slow that shit DOWN!
C'mon now, they done.. they know I do it
They know when I do it it get done
Two sticks in my bun, but, but first of all
when I say two sticks in my bun, I mean
that when I put a bun in my hair Like when I put my hair in a ponytail
and I wrap my hair in a bun I put two Chinese sticks in my bun with the Chinese bang
Cause y'all y'all minds is in the gutter That's what two sticks in my bun mean, okay?
But Holiday you already know, y'know what i'm sayin? They heard that hard spittin, they heard that fast shit
NOWWWW, y'know, you gotta slow it down for them y'know Umm, they wanna hear me sing Y'know behind every bad bitch there's a really sweet girly, girl
There's a really sweet, Harajuku Barbie, and umm Now it's time for them to hear me get all nice and soft and, moist  I mean, I'm-I'm sorry I didn't mean, I didn't mean to say that
I meant, this is the portion of the tape where I just wanna be more, y'know, delicate and... wet I'm I'm, I'm so, I I, I didn't mean to say that I meant, that y'know, Holiday just slow it down daddy!




Banana boat full of blow
Banana clip to cut ya throat
Banana dro come pack a smoke
Banana diamonds yellow gold
Heavy snow that berry blow
That cherry coke got stupid dough
Plenty mo you think I booked a
Hundred, shows I'm selling dope
I'm into wishin rolling cushion
Sippin lean and burnin piff, you
Gotta piff? I gotta pint you
Took a shot I took a sip. I plead
The 5th ain't saying shit go get
My lawyer get him quick spent 80
Grand to beat a case I whipped it
Like my purple whip. I caught a
Hit like sosa did them killas
Blast ya house ya monkey, I got
So much jewelry on me still you
Can't take nothing from me. hook
It up I cook it up and get some
Head while rolling blunts. water
Paint, water stain I'm lookin
Down she lookin up. beamer truck
I rim it up spent 80 thou (400
Stones), she suck a dick while
Rollin blunt she keep the boss
Man bustin nuts. I get it off she
Get it up me and her both can't
Get enough me in the go I'm in
The go so tryna beat that pussy up
Welcome to my private party more hoes than a Bachelor party
Smokin, drankin, freakin, shit can turn into a Slumber party
You can't meet my mama ah uh but here go my Number shawty
When you feelin freaky mama we can have a Slumber party
(A slumber party mama have a slumber party)
(You can't meet my mama ah uh but here go my Number shawty)
(When you feelin freaky mama we can have a Slumber party)
(We can have a slumber party) 
Her negligees are burberry
Her lingerie came very straight
Her oral sex is very wet
my sex so great she gainin weight
I cook a cake she cook a steak
we three estates you section 8
Stay out her face she hardly date
she fuckin Gucci shawty DAMN
Everdays a ballin day
just yesterday we bought a Lake
tomorrow Bought us 2 camaros our way down the 68
we Trappin fast with Stupid cash
so rap on with yo stupid
as it's Gucci Mane no stupid ass
I keep on making Stupid cash
Welcome to my private party more hoes than a Bachelor party
Smokin, drankin, freakin, shit can turn into a Slumber party
You can't meet my mama ah uh but here go my Number shawty
When you feelin freaky mama we can have a Slumber party
(A slumber party mama have a slumber party)
(You can't meet my mama ah uh but here go my Number shawty)
(When you feelin freaky mama we can have a Slumber party)
(We can have a slumber party)
Got that super soaker pussy pop like cola coka
plus it's tighter than a choka Got em smilin like the joka got that na-na-na-na-na-na-na lil mama ain't On my linin when yo momma sleeping you can call me and get all up in it Bank rolls gimme all them pretty furs cause my pussy game cold when he hit it He say bur he say bur bur bur bur bur I'm a I'm a marry her and he pull late with dat Pur like he strumming his guitar that's me I am minaj I am ni ni nicki minaj and if you want a Menage keep a couple pretty boards look head game busy busy make a nigga dizzy dizzy Bitch I'm at that slumber party sippin on that frizzy chrissy




I got a shopping problem
She got a shopping problem
I'm a compulsive shopper
So I'm a cop her prada
I'm a ice her outta
Make ya talk about her
She got this thang about her
Yea she a sexy walker
We shopping in morocco
I took her to go buy
Lil mama stupid fly
So tell me whatcha like
Cause gurls I like to buy
My money stupid fat
His money on a diet
Ten stacks to keep her quiet
I make her call me daddy
Yea there go daddy baby
And she loves daddy cause
Daddy gonna keep them hatin
Yea they hatin baby
They wanna trade places
I call her sexy lady She call me gucci baby She gotta fendi fetish She got a shopping problem Dat gurls a shopaholic She only mess with ballers She gotta gucci fetish She gotta louie problemShe got a shopping problem Dat gurls a shopaholic Yo I'm a need a couple of dem benzess...I be out in china spending yenzesss Gucci on my lenzzess My leather so sensitive Scratch my 9 o' clock I wanna shop make ya tenezzzz Dilly dilly d look at all deze hoochies I be on the beach in Emilio Pucci I'm a I'm the best I'm the best ask Khaled Sorry lil daddy dat cards not valid I need a limited black card, like I'm racist With dem real big faces Louis Vuitton cases Hoes in da hood say Nicki Minaj booshie... I do it b.i.g. so I keep a couple coogies hoes






Yo, SB. I think it's my time...
You know why? My tears have dried,
And I know that no weapon formed
Against me will prosper. And I truly
Believe that my haters are my motivators.
Young Money.
If you could you would get rid of me,
Fuck you gone do when a bitch try to go hard?
But I won't let you get to me (to me)
You should already figure I'ma go hard.
If you was as real as me you would never
Let another girl sit in yo throne.
I done put the choke hold on now
They screaming, "Nicki leave me alone!"
I am, I'm Still the one to beat.
Ain't in a rush from these streets
I am the streets. I am gettin it in until the end
I gotta go, GO, gooo, GO HARD!
Carter called, lemme get the car key, you don't want it with the Harajuku Barbie
Keep a marquis, everything sparkly (man man down! ) hit em on a walkie-talkie.
Hit em, hit em knock-knock, tell em let me in. my name ring bells bitch buzz me in
And I only stop for pedestrians, or real real bad lesbian.
Hit em wit the Mac, hit em wit the Tec 9, hit em wit the Ruger by the intersex sine.
Hit em wit a Tommy so my niggas call me Pammy and I always the jammy in the trunk or in the lamby
Put my whole burrough on my back and I'm gooda, I don't wanna hear what you would, what you coulda
I represent all the girls that stood up, used to drink water wit a little bit of sugar.
Now I'm in the gym with my squats and my sit-ups, doin the scissor-leg on the mat wit my foot up.
Young black pin-up, all of my bitches did up, now I'm tellin LA Reid to step his bid up.
And I'm tellin President Carter he picked a winner, bitches like nelly and kelly got a dilemma
These birds all fly south in the winter, fuck I look like chompin on a chicken dinner?
You can hate me, but why knock my hustle; I'ma be a queen no matter how they shuffle
Skirts with the ruffle, louis on the duffle. I'm a bad bitch no muzzle. (no muzzle).
Bitches is softer than Al Dente, cut from a different kentae. tell em I'm the ninja,
Weezy is my sensei. so I call him Splinter, faster than a sprinter. gimme my chopsticks
I'll have the rap bitches for dinner.
This is for my gentlemen in button-ups and khakis
This is for my nigga 7-up in Castaki
This is for my niggas wheelying them Kawasakis
Shout out to the back east salt fish cakes
kisses is to my fans, unless I'm feeling kinda cocky.
Winter Wonderland is on my hand, it's kinda rocky.
I am Nicki, Minaj or Lewinski.
Pumps on the clutch, right hand on the six-speed.
Write my own raps I gotta go, I gotta get me (gotta get me.)
OOhhh!
If you could you would get rid of me,
Fuck you gone do when a bitch try to go hard?
But I won't let you get to me (to me)
You should already figure I'ma go hard.
If you was as real as me you would never
Let another girl sit in yo throne.
I done put the choke on now
They screaming, "Nicki leave me alone!"
I am, I will, I gots to win.
I'm still looking around for my
Com-pe-tition. I am gettin it in until the end
I gotta go, GO, gooo, GO HARD!
From slap-and-cry you start to die, so I must go harder.
Gotta make these bitches know me just like Bobby know water.
Better yet, like Bubba, know shrimp. but he don't say shit
When the gun on his lip, and I don't say shit put the gun
On my hip. so I don't say shit but the gun on my hip.
If you don't wanna drown don't come on my ship
Check out how them bitches just run on my dick
And me, I'm that nasty son of a bitch.
I still got that bitch cum on my lips
It yee ain got money, don't come on my strip
And if ya got money, don't come on my strip
I wear that metal, no olympic, but I can still
Make you tumble and flip
You fuckin wit me if you fuckin wit Nick
They ain't fuckin wit me ,they ain't fuckin wit Nick
Your girlfriend and she just split
Cuz she wanna fuck me and she wanna fuck Nick
They wonder if he be fuckin Nick, as long as she be fuckin rich
That's why I keep my luggage cuz, I swear yall's a fuckin trip.
Young Money Dungeon, bitch. my swagger is just punching bitch
And I shoot like I'm from overseas, so call my gun, "Gunovich"
Weezy F. Baby and the "F" is for a bunch of shit
Red drank, blue pill, white dust Yes I love my country bitch. Wish you could get rid of Young Money, Fuck you gone do when a bitch try to go hard? But I won't let you get to me (to me) You should already figure I'ma go hard. If you was as real as me you would never Let another girl sit in yo throne. I done put the choke on now They screaming, "Nicki leave me alone!" I am, I will, I gots to win. I'm still looking around for my Competition. I am gettin it in until the end I gotta go, GO, gooo, GO HARD!






Okay so I'm just, y'know
briefly run down my shoutouts, um
Shoutout to all of the deejays
that's ever showed Nicki Minaj love
I love you right back, um
Shoutout to DJ Holiday, um, y'know
just cause he has really nice eyes
and y'know he's really sexy and all that
Um, shout out to, my baby Big Mike and Trapaholics, and, um Sticks Malone and DJ Infamous and DJ Drama Um, I also have a very crazy manager Her name is Debra Anthony And um, she's psychotic, she's bi-polar, um but nevertheless she's mine, ALL MINE Oh, I have to share her with Gucci Mane and I have to share her with, OJ Da Juice and I have to share her with the So Icey boys and, y'know Waka Flocka Flame and all that but y'know she's all mine anyway




Ayo you the only one that see the real nicki
I can show you chill nicki cause of how you deal with me
And they knock my blocks down you come and you build with me
Even though you real busy he's that fucking real drizzy
It's so amazing I figured out this world is ours for the taking
I figured out that when I go out and those people scream
That some of them are living bi-curiously thru me
That's why I put the s on my chest and I'm gone
But on another note let's have sex in my dorm
And I'm a' make you beg cause you look pretty when you begging
So meet me on the campus I'll be there around eleven
So let me put my books down
Excuse me if I look down
Guess I'm a little nervous
When I'm at your service
Look at what you took downnnnnnnnn
Baby you my everything
You all I ever wanted
We can do it real big
Bigger then you ever done it
You be up on everything Other niggas never on it I want this forever I swear I could spend whatever on it
That's why I hold you down Every time you hit me up When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
I make you beg for it Until I give it up You say the same thing every single time
Buzz so big, I could prolly sell a blank disc
When my album drop bitches will buy it for the pictures
And niggas will buy it to and claim they got it for they sister
Magazine, paper girl well money ain't the issue
They bring dinner to my room and ask me to initial
She call me the referee cause I be so official
My shirt ain't got no stripes but I could make your pussy whistle 
Like the Andy Griffith theme song Who told you to put them jeans on? Double cup love, you the one I lean on Feelin' for a fix then you should really get your feed on
Yeah, just know my condo is the crack spot Every single show, she out there reppin' like a mascot Get it from the back and make your fucking bra strap pop All up in yah slot till a nigga hit the jackpot I'm sayin




We like them boyz with them rubber band bands.
He move weight keep a couple gram grams
So (so so so) where your money put it in your hand hands
Now (now now now) make it flip make it do a handstand 
Do a handstand can you do a handstand flip that
Money make it do a handstand. I can make it Scream like a summer jam fan where are my bands
Where my rubber band mans It's official bang your pistols play your money it's funny
I mean it tickles. I need a D-boy I need a president and
If your spending them stacks I need some evidence. Then you can bring out all them cars that they rap about.
Then I'm a let you eat it like I put the snacks out. don't say
You can't say you can say you can can flip that money
Flip it like a handstand. Do a handstand can you do a handstand flip that money
Make it do a handstand. I can make it scream like a summer jam fan
Where are my bands where my rubber band mans He's a banker by nature he'll call and slick of the debt that
You owe and thank ya. he'll switch the toys out never the
Same route. but niggas acting like they ain't about to pay out.
Taking me out just to ask how my day went. tryna show me I'm his
Number one investment. he know what I like. stay on your job type.
I'll pop if you can pop like you got rubber bands we like
Do a handstand can you do a hand stand flip that
Money make it do a handstand. I can make it Scream like a summer jam fan where are my bands
Where my rubber band mans Cause we like them bad boys and bad cars
Them hood rich dope boyz and trap stars  See I'm a rubber lover so wrap it and I'll hug ya.
Then we can stick together like them dollars Out the printer. bad boys I catch call me Undercover. street grindin cold cut motherfucker.
Yo yo yo he flip like handstand he cookin them 10 grams.
Give him the grand slam in back of the phan dam,
I mean the phantom. I can't stand bums. somethin bout
His money make a nigga handsme. cuff cuff throw ya badge on me.
Guaranteed you can't puff puff pass on me. we can crush crush
You can spend your stache on me. cause I know you want to smash it
Like a crash dummy Do a handstand can you do a hand stand flip that
Money make it do a handstand. I can make it Scream like a summer jam fan where are my bands Where my rubber band mans




Hear the Devil callin', I can hear em,
It's like I get chills down my spine when I'm near him,
Mad, I'm a tad too bad, I don't fear him,
I don't need the preachers, I'm the high priestess.
Everywhere I go, I get "Hi, nice to meet you.",
Bitches know I beast this, I'm the fashionistas.
And they know I stay around the white like a groom,
Look up in the sky, I see somebody on a broom.
I think I'm gettin' hi-high-hi-high on my own supply,
Yellin' "Rasta, alright! " when I'm ridin' by,
See I used to be the wife of a king,
Back when I was smuggling' them things in the bing.
Now that I'm a boss bxtch,
It's a win-win,
Come to Mr. Chow's or meet me in Chin-Chin,
Now I get'cha ching & my name bells ring -
Oops, I mean my name ring bells, ding ding.
I'm in Jamaica with them keys under palm trees,
The leprechaun sees what my palm reads.
And if my heart seize, please call my aunties,
I think them girls tellin', I hear them boys yellin' 
Get down, get down, get down down, Get d- get down, get down, get down down,
Get down, get down, get down down, Get down, get down on the ground, Get down, get down on the ground. Man, fuck a P0, And fuck a C0, 'bout to set it off like Cleo,
Mad they done tapped my trio, Begged my skip, Heard the bxtch lyin' like Leo.
Anyway, I'm the ninja, Kawasaki blazin', In a kimono, "Konichiwa" to the Asians.
I kick, kick, kick it like I'm Bruce Lee's son, So all of that yellin' in the street soon done.
Cus if I take my ski mask off, then I'm dumblin',The young Chaka Khan, yes - I am every woman.
And I am 'bout that coke, not what'cha put the rum in, Say a little prayer, tell the Lord that I'm comin' (comin')
I'm in Jamaica with them keys under palm trees, The leprechaun sees what my palm reads. And if my heart seize, please call my auntie, I think them girls tellin', I hear them boys yellin'  Can you hear the yellin'? Comin' for me, comin' for me. Comin' for me, comin' for me, comin' for me.






I'm a dime, u a nickelette Light skinned pigment Write my own shit, y'all copyright infringement I eat these rap bitches, somebody get me a dinner mint Pussy make him tattoo my name up on his ligament Fuck wrong with dem, my nerves dey keep tweeking Tell em I'm da chief, I'm runnin with Mohikans Tell em dis is church, n tell em I am da decan Tell em dat I'm black, chinese, and butter pecan Pull up in da Range, I'm giving them more reasons Hit up Lil Wayne, while I'm in da 4 Seasons Tell Gutta mac, n Kid KId I'm here I'm colder den a cough, I'm wetter den swim gear Got all dis lil bitches g-gettin p-pink hair I'm pretty n I'm fly, I'm up in da pink lear I needed an assistant, I got me a pink queer Decorated his office with flowers and pink chairs (chairs) Listen... nicki minaj, nicki lewinksy... where da fuc is da president




Hot damn it it's a miracle, please adjust the temperature
I switched up the interior in my European 50
Damn Gucci lyrical, naw I ain't lyrical
But my bracelet is crazy but my necklace is a miracle
Blacker than Nigeria, with brand new material
Countin a quarter million while I'm pouring a bowl of cereal
Fresher than your ever were, richer than a year ago
with three dollars a Skittle but it's eight hundred a Cheerio
I was arrogant rude same color as a prune
Yellow chain look like the moon and my old school is maroon
VROOM! Hear it ert-ert when it skrrt
26's on the skirts, in a bird, with a flirt
You can jerk, I got twerk, I keep work, in my birds
I got bird, I got bricks, I got pounds of the herb
used to be my favorite word
Now my ice game is superb, so these hoes just be like BRR BRR!
Y'all be trying hard (but it's easy)
Tighten up on yo' jooooob (cause it's easy)
I'm Nicki Minaaaaj (so be easy)
Gucci Mane and Rocko - (please believe it)
Boom boom, 9-5-4 double R zoom zoom
I don't give a fuck about ya looney tune goons
Yellin poon poon when your really coon coon
I eat these rap bitches no fork no spoon
I'm Nicki, I been Nicki, I'm picky
I stay around the six like that little mouse Mickey
Ask Rocko, ask Gucci, ask Gucci Gucci bandana
I'm a star I'm the black Hannah Montana
I'm such a girl, I'm such a girly girl
I'm sippin on my milkshake with the swirly swirl
Excuse me mister put some cherries in my cups
I take my shirt off and watch the boys go nuts
The boys go nut, the boy-boys go nuts
All the dope boys all the boys wanna fuck
My niqqa S Beezy, keep my wrist breezy Why would I go hard when this shit is so easy?
Hold up bitch! Man I done stepped my swag up, don't fly commercial I'm private
Step my rank up, so SALUTE you fuckin private
'Member the days I used to keep my comb, in my pocket?
Now I'm with pilot smokin kush on auto-pilot
I jet on a boat and I 'on't even know how to drive it
But it's all gravy I just coast on auto-pilot
I'm on another coast, ye ain't even in my time zone (naw)
By the time you go to bed I'm gettin my shine on
Yeah it's all good baby go on and climb on And ride like a rodeo, get your grind on Tell how I spend money, I be gettin my grind on Tell how I'm livin when I walk I got my nine on Your girl lovin you but she with me know what her mind on
Don't make me do it hard and get it goin on some down homes
Watch pitch stats and he don't even have a dime on Rocko the don, outta here, my time gone




Where my str8 jacket at... I'm a psycho
Where dat white blo, y dey copy my flow
If it's not young money, it's a typo
Dere dem lights go, we don't talk to five-o
We don't t-t-talk, talk 2 five-o
Dere dem lights go, we don't talk to five-o
If it's not young money, it's a typo
Dere dem lights go we don't talk to five-o
Mister officer, mister officer
I'm sorry I don't wanna take a walk with ya
Matta fact, I ain't trynna talk 2 ya
We ain't got no business, so wat we talkin fa
It ain't no need to bring me in 4 no interrogation
Cause about dat boi who jus got shot, I gots no information
Dese broke ass snitch niggas styll grame shaving ?
at the precinct writing statements on which your house is da station
Not I, tattle telling is for homos
Besides, dats da #1 young money no no
Police, we don't chat with dem
We ain't got no wrap for dem
U in da cop car point niggas out from da back of dem 
Bac seat informer, your papi shoulda warned ya
U even tell PoPo I'm black, & yous a fucn goner
Yea u get high, but I get higher
Manyana, I just might go 2 da halfway house and ask your supervisor
Where my str8 jacket at... I'm a psycho
Where dat white blo, y dey copy my flow
If it's not young money, it's a typo
Dere dem lights go, we don't talk to five-o
We don't t-t-talk, talk 2 five-o
Dere dem lights go, we don't talk to five-o
If it's not young money, it's a typo
Dere dem lights go we don't talk to five-o
Yo... 4, 3, 2
Cocka doodle do
I was out in africa, shaka zulu crew
Ho ho ho, red stockings to
Coming down the chimney, your chopped & screwed
It's me bitches, eff u snitches, gimme the hibbie jibbies
So excuse my twitches 
Lemme get dat brewski, nggas kno dem bitches can't do it like a dooskie
I jus pull up, chuck da deuce in sum blue denim, & I jus heard he runnin with da lieutenant
I'm da mistress, I be in da district of columbia
Yes uh huh, washington
Betta ask around, cause I'm whats poppington
I'm who dey think about, playing with dey pee pee
Gotta count sheep b, cause I'm never sleepy
Guess I'm da chief, u can find me in my TP... BITCHES!
Where my str8 jacket at... I'm a psycho
Where dat white blo, y dey copy my flow
If it's not young money, it's a typo
Dere dem lights go, we don't talk to five-o
We don't t-t-talk, talk 2 five-o
Dere dem lights go, we don't talk to five-o
If it's not young money, it's a typo
Dere dem lights go we don't talk to five-o
Young money cycle, st8 jacket on me
Break a nigga jaw if he turn 2 informant
I bring ya 2 ya door step, loose slips, sank ships nigga
So I'm a bring u 2 da bottom of da ocean (uh chuuch)
I hear u preachin like a fucn reverand
Should kill you in da first place... no second guessing
Coulda killed em with da first and da second weapon
DJ Unk em with da hand, I 2 step and deck em Den I grab da choppa, blue flame houston reck em Kick a snitch head thru a goal like David Beckam
Make way, respect em I could AK attack em U lookin at a gangster in his essence
Now bitch bow down wen a gangster in your presence Cause I'm God's gift like a present For 1 don't try me I could give u 2 lessons u peasants get murdered if u do test em
Gudda Gudda gotchu Where my str8 jacket at... I'm a psycho Where dat white blo, y dey copy my flow If it's not young money, it's a typo
Dere dem lights go, we don't talk to five-o We don't t-t-talk, talk 2 five-o
Dere dem lights go, we don't talk to five-o If it's not young money, it's a typo Dere dem lights go we don't talk to five-o




Okay so I'm gonna just, you know, briefly run down my shoutouts
Shoutout to all of the DJs that's ever showed Nicki Minaj love
I love you right back Shoutout to DJ Holiday, um, you know
Just 'cause he has really nice eyes And, you know, he's really sexy and all that
Um, shout out to my baby Big Mike and Trapaholics And Sticks Malone and DJ Infamous and DJ Drama Um, I also have a very crazy manager Her name is Debra Antney And um, she's psychotic, she's bipolar, um
But nevertheless she's mine, all mine Oh, I have to share her with Gucci Mane And I have to share her with, OJ Juice And I have to share her with the So Icey boys And, you know, Waka Flocka Flame and all that but
You know she's all mine, anyway




Envy All they do is envy Don't they know what's in me? Don't they know I'm comin' back, swingin' for that envy
Why would they offend me? Why they go against me? Don't they know I'm comin' back, swingin' for that ass
Sw-swingin' for, Sw-sw-sw-swingin' for Sw-swingin' for, sw-sw-sw-swingin' for Mercy, mercy, mercy Why they wanna curse me, curse me, curse me
Thirsty, thirsty, thirsty Why they wanna curse me, curse me, curse me
Now every club promoter wanna bid like auctions
'Cus I pack shows, sell tics like Boston Pat your back ho, why the fuck they coughin'?
Oh, I got 'em sick, better get that coffin I say coffin', you can say casket They're so trash, where's the waste basket?
Where's my hat and where's my strait jacket? Yup, they jackin', back to Maybachin' Everything I do, bitches wanna do it too I guess-guess you just skip to my lou I just came through, I flew to St. Lou
Back to kill you, they blew like HQ Why is it that they make Nicki a target?
Just 'cus this lil piggy went to the market Marketing steps, they marketed sex M-Mark it with a X, they talkin' them checks now
Why did envy? Why you go against me? When I got trendy, why you ain't commend me? Why when I needed it, why you couldn't lend me? Why you was secretive, frontin' like you friendly? Why did you fear that? Held my career back Kick it like Air Max, I don't wanna hear that 'Cus now I see-see-see-see all your run-down Niggas better have my money by sun down 'Cus now when I come through I'm stylin' on 'em
It's like I got hotter than islands on 'em They say she got colder than igloos; Did she? I'm in a GT, she in a Mitsubishi Just left Mr. Miyagi Tell that bitch jump if that bitch feel froggy
'Cus I got one leg up in the middle of the ring And that bitch better duck when that bell go DING I'm me, don't you like what you see Won't you get like me 'Cus you thought that I would die But I'm fine




I push, p-p-push it, I p-p-push it like I'm in labor
And he'll t-t-teach me to, teach me love my neighbor
Just w-w-wait up, I'm processing' all the data
Processing' all the data, processing' all the haters
You was writing' disses, I was takin' pictures
Signing' autographs for all of my bad bitches
And in the nic of time it just dawned on
I am Nicki Minaj and it's all on me
But hey, maybe I'll never win
Maybe I'm settlin' Can't let the devil in, I'm a comic book heroin
But when the wind blows, I'm so Marilyn
Write down, take a pictures, bitches e-mail that
I came to save a thing called female rap
But I hope my ninja powers Don't fuck around and offend you cowards
You mad at me 'cus you think I got it easy
If we was in the second grade then you would tease me
Ya see, you still a lil snotty nose hood rat
I love Nicki scribbled all over you book bag
I love you too, I just wish your mother would've hugged you too
You know Nicki love the kids Yellow brick road looking' for the Wiz But when it rains, it pours for real Def Jam said I'm no Lauryn Hill Can't rap and sing on the same CD
The public won't get it, they got A.D.D. See Nicki, follow the rules Go and say your prayers and get ready for school
(Yeah follow the rules, go and say my prayers and get ready for school)
Dear God, I am only what you made me And I appreciate everything that you gave me
But like, I don't wanna do it no more Sort of lost sight of what I'm doin' it for
Thought that I was doing' something' good for the game
Until they all started throwin' dirt on my name
Tell Debbie, I really, really tried That I said I'm sorry, but I had to say goodbye
Tell Fendi, I'll never forget him And please tell Wayne I'll always be indebted (I'll never forget it, please tell Wayne I'll always be indebted) AYYYYYY! Can anybody hear me? AYYYYYY! Can anybody hear me? AYYYYYY! Can anybody hear me? AYYYYYY! Can anybody hear me?




Yea yea uh huh She said FUCK FENDI, but I think she was playin
I heard she move them thangs I think she fuckin Wayne
She call herself Lewinsky, that mean she give him brain
She tryna be like Little Kim, her picture looks the same
Why she ain't signed with G-Unit, she from Queens right?
And what's her nationality, she chinese right?
I mean she OK, but she ain't ALL DAT
She ain't the next bitch, tell that bitch FALL BACK!
See I'm a hater, I go hard... listen let's begin
You know her last name Minaj, she a lesbian
And she ain't never comin out, look at currency
But every time she do a interview you know I run and see
She get me so sick it make me vomit
That's why I spend my time online leaving comments
And you know that I got some more haters with me
Might hit up thisis50... MTV... hit up BET
Tell 'em pretty pretty please don't play Nicki
Still I rise Still I fight Still I might crack a smile Keep my eyes on the prize, see my haters tell 'em HI!
One day you'll remember this One day when we reminisce Nothing I do ever is, good enough for the music biz
For u, for u Bitches is like crabs in a bucket
You see a bad bitch gettin shine, you should love it
Cause everytime a door opens for me dat means you
Just gotta a better opportunity to do you They don't understand these labels look at numbers it's statistics
I lose, u lose, mines just legastic Anyway, real bitches listen wen I'm speaking
Cause if nicki win, then all of ya'll gettin meetings (kyea)
Ask LA Reid, ask Jay Then hit up Universal, see what Sylvia Rhone say
Ask Craig Common, you can ask chris Lady when you're done, just salute bad bitch
Only underground bitch around that's duckin the paparatzi
In and outta town, be swervin the maserati
Stay around the white like a nazi Pussy poppin on my poppers so the cops see... BITCHES!
Still I rise Still I fight Still I might crack a smile Keep my eyes on the prize, see my haters tell 'em HI!
One day you'll remember this One day when we reminisce Nothing I do ever is, good enough for the music biz






I feel free. I'm rollin with my niggas and we jus bought the bar.
I feel free. Shawty lookin' at me 'cause she know I'm a star.
I feel free. I'm in the club and I'm tryna get right.
I feel free. Most of all 'cause I got life.
I feel free. Send 3 more bottles to table 5.
We buying' out the bar, we livin' out life.
We gettin' all right, shawties watchin' us.
We like another club 'cause we straight dangerous.
Me and my dudes, me and my crew. We lockin' this down, ices so good. We shuttin' this b- down.
I feel free. I'm rollin with my niggas an we jus bought the bar.
I feel free. Shawty lookin' at me 'cause she know I'm a star.
I feel free. I'm in the club and I'm tryna get right.
I feel free. Most of all 'cause I got life.
I feel free. Hopped off the boat, I am such a immigrant
Why he get Nicki Minaj tatted on his ligament
Wait, just for the record get wetter than fisherman
Pull up with some 26s up under the Michelins
You know I pop-pop-pop it like a pistol
That's why I keep my wrist lookin' like a disco
And everywhere I go they tell me that I'm pretty
My money slow, my money stupid, money ditsy
Mami you bad, but Nicki is badder Step your cookies up; go get you a ladder We do it early like Cheerios and a bagel I feel freer than the slaves on the railroad You think I'm lying I feel like I'm flying I feel like I'm finally free I feel free I'm rollin' with my niggas and we just bought the bar I feel free Shorty lookin' at me 'cause she know I'm a star I feel free I'm in the club and I'm tryna get right I feel free Most of all 'cause I got life I feel free




Shout out to S B the hype man
And Joe the Boss and Bimi, and umm
My darling big sister Monie Love
Umm shouts out to my entertainment laywers and my accountants
Umm shout out to Southside, Jamaica, Queens
New York City, everybody that shows me lots of love
in Philly and Connecticut and Rhode Island and y'know
Ohio and, yeah everywhere I go there's just so much love
So I love you girls SO much
And, y'know shout out to all my Africans y'know
Because they bootleg my mixtape out in Nigeria
Hit up Amadou, he can make the Cartier-a
And shout out YouTube dot com forward slash Nicki Minaj TB
MySpace dot com foward slash Nicki Minaj
A shout out to WorldStarHipHop, um
for keeping me so relevant, in a world of irrelevant bitches
Just y'know be a bad bitch, never be a stupid bitch
Step your pussy up and all that Am I forgetting somebody? I'm not forgetting anybody am I?
Oh you know what you're right Somebody brought the name up I don't know if they'll even understand
Do they even know this guy, out here in the United States?
Umm, a little dude named, Dwayne Carter
Dwayne Michael Carter, umm, y'know He runs a label called Young Money Entertainment
And umm, y'know, he's my sensei and I'm the ninja
And umm, I love him very very fuckin much And umm, y'know, just have to shout him out Say thank you for EVERYTHING you've done Y'know cause we're totally 'bout to take the globe by storm So, umm, I can't wait. Bye! ("HOLIDAY SEASON!!")




You know they say who, who is nicki minaj and
You know I'm like a multiple personality bitch
Like you know I'm. I'm you know I'm a ninja I'm a boss
I'm, I'm da Harajuku barbie I just heard dat I was the baddest in the town
So I came down and had to pick up my crown Went to taiwan and had to pick up my wand
Now everybody wanna pick up my sound Baddest underground since Harriet Tub That's why when I come around they hurry and run
And I know it ain't math but I carry the one Got a couple body guards that'll carry the guns
Yao Ming, I'm a need a couple asians sayonara bitches on kawasaki blazin, ayo rihanna gotta come up off them bhajans call wyclef I'm a need a couple haitians
Where my west indies, where the fuck my curry chicken and my rice and peas my madda cunt trini's my JAMAICAN bod gal all my guyanese
I just found out that I was doper than amy winehouse maybe
Fresh out the navy fresher then a daisy use to be on blazly
Young money bunny bitch please say the baby Please stop calling me, I'm such a rock star
Assalamu alaikum where the fuck is akbar Give'em my keys tell'em valet my car Bees pon da wheels you can see them from far
Now all I need is a real mandingo gimme good ruuhh And distribute my single, bootleg the mixtape out in nigeria
Hit up ammadoe, he can meet the criteria, if he work da middle like a mohawk tell'em he can meet me where dem girls say aloha,
see I got da first class pussy and he use to give me coacha real good chocha fuck is my shofa
Ahh beam me up scotty My wa-wa wine My wine is to dutty Beam me up scotty My wa-ba wine My wine is to dutty One two buckle my shoe, no 1 on the corner has swagger like I do, keep a toot toot your wetah den boo hoo
Keep a couple stacks inside of my lou lou Excuse me I'm sorry I got da 45 special don't worry
Cause I'm cooler den a bloodclaat flurry mi like mi chicken and mi goat well curry (yeah)
Now where my west indies where da fuck my curry chicken and my rice and peas my madda cunt trini's my JAMAICAN bod gyal all my guyanese
Ahh beam me up scotty My wa-wa wine My wine is to dutty Beam me up scotty My wa-ba wine My wine is to dutty




Hi Barbie Hi Ken Do you wanna go for a ride Sure Ken Jump in! I'm a barbie girl In the barbie world Life is plastic It's fantastic You can brush my hair Undress me everywhere Imagination Life is your Creation Come on Barbie Let's go party!




Shawty, Imma only tell you this once, you're the illest (Bah ba dah dah oh)
And for your lovin' I'm a Die Hard like Bruce Willis
(Bah ba dah dah oh) You got spark, you, you got spunk You, you got something all the girls want You're like a candy store And I'm a toddler You got me wantin' more and mo mo more and
Your love, your love (yeah) Your love, your love  Yo(yo)
He the type to pop tags and be cockin the brim Might breeze through The Ave, might stop at the gym
And he keep a du rag, keep the wave on swim Wa-wa-waves on swim so they hate on him Anyway I think I met him sometime before In a different life or where I record I mean he was Adam, I think I was Eve But my vision ends with the apple on the tree
'S' on my chest cause I'm ready to save him Ready to give up on anybody that plays him And I think I love him, I love him just like I raised him
When he call me mama, lil mama, I call him baby Shawty, Imma only tell you this once, you're the illest (Bah ba dah dah oh)
And for your lovin' I'm a Die Hard like Bruce Willis (Bah ba dah dah oh) You got spark, you, you got spunk You, you got something all the girls want You're like a candy store and I'm a toddler You got me wantin' more and mo mo more and Your love, your love (yeah) Your love, your love He they type to keep a couple hundred grand in the rubberband
Just left Money Gram in the Lemon Lam Hot damn make me scream like summer jam I mean that nigga must be from tha motherland Anyway I think I met him in the Sky When I was a Geisha he was a Samurai Somehow I understood him when he spoke Thai Never spoke lies and he never broke fly "S" on my chest let me get my cape on He so thugged out, Ghostface and Raekwon
Konvict just like Akon Cuz you know the snitches be putting a jake on
Shawty, Imma only tell you this once, you're the illest (Bah ba dah dah oh)
And for your lovin' I'm a Die Hard like Bruce Willis (Bah ba dah dah oh) You got spark, you, you got spunk You, you got something all the girls want You're like a candy store and I'm a toddler You got me wantin' more and mo mo more and
Your love, your love (yeah) Your love, your love  Find me in the dark I'll be in the stars Find me in your heart I'm in need of your love Your Love, your love, your love, your love
Baby, you’re the illest, your love Your love






This for my girlfriend This is for my This is for my girlfriend
This is for my girlfriend This is for my B.F.F
Girlfriend This for my girlfriend This is for my This is for my girlfriend This is for my girlfriend This is for my B.F.F
Girlfriend Ayo where my BFF? Where my playboy bunny? Where that nigga Hugh Heff
When we pull up at the light Why everything else get left?
Why they screwing up they face? Why they looking a hot mess?
Why they be like no they didn't Them bitches is always shittin'
My clock be tick tick tick ticking Them chickens is finger licking
And that's why we do em greasy Stunting that Louie Veezy
We straight without a perm And you bitches is stupid peezy
Would you like some rice with that? We get a lot of cheese no mice with that?
I mean I want some ice with that No soda, where your owner?
Get your license back Hoe This for my girlfriend This is for my This is for my girlfriend This is for my girlfriend This is for my B.F.F Girlfriend This for my girlfriend This is for my This is for my girlfriend This is for my girlfriend This is for my B.F.F Girlfriend That's my girlfriend, girlfriend Don't forget the brush, blowdryer and the curling iron
That's my girlfriend Tell them hoes stoppington They know they want everything that we be coppington
Wherever I slide thru I gotta go buy two If I get it in the pink I get her the light blue
Brand new Range Rover that was for her bday I just auctioned off some shit You could get it on e-bay Anyway we VIP, we don't even need ID
Put em in the ICU If they don't bring the ICE Get them bottles of Rosé One Long Island icy tea Put my bracelet in the mirror I see me, icing me, get it? This for my girlfriend This is for my This is for my girlfriend This is for my girlfriend
This is for my B.F.F Girlfriend This for my girlfriend This is for my This is for my girlfriend This is for my girlfriend This is for my B.F.F Girlfriend Excuse me There's way too many groupies
Why don't you just sit back or dance Sorry we don't chit chat with fans You came in the Diablo Or was is a Galardo We got the top down doors up Murcielago
LP460 bitches that's the motto This for my girlfriend This is for my This is for my girlfriend
This is for my girlfriend This is for my B.F.F Girlfriend This for my girlfriend
This is for my This is for my girlfriend This is for my girlfriend This is for my B.F.F Girlfriend




You a bad bitch Ima call you Lassie
Just left the tour last date Tallahassee
Don't mind me Even witcha GPS couldn't find me
Lookin at this boy Ima call him McDreamy
I was wondering if he got a good Dick Cheney
Got a Lamborghini so the doors go high
In a button down Chris Brown bow tie!
Is that my cue I'm lookin for some brain to boost my IQ
I'm like 5'2 My SAT sc-scores was high too
But I don't wanna brag, I Loui Vuitton bagged him
Hopped out the jag proceeded to shag-shagged him
Thought he was a queen I dr-dr-dragged him
Dodged to the room and whipped out the magnum
Slim, trim, also light skin Now Peter put the pipe in Yes sir I am that bitch Fuck U Silly like the rabbit Giddy Up Giddy Up Now wake Diddy up Diddy up Diddy up
Young Money Nicki Badboy Cassie You wanna minaj Now lets get nasty






I got that hard gucci U know these bitches eazy I got that cold flu I got that itchy sneezy U in that mitzubishy I'm in that bentley gt I'm takin trips with papi U walkie talkie copy I got dem pookie feens Might rock some juicy jeans I mean sum juicy sweats Maybe sum lose yuh seps I play foul no free throw Bitch I ball no peep show Deadass no peep show! Brought ah run pronto With a front condo Daughter, son gon doh Watching telemundo Flyer den ah rocket Money in my poly pockets
Whatchu coppin Keep that work inside my pippy long stockings BITCH!




I was in the million dollar meetings, he was cheating' All up in the church he was sneakin' with the deacon
Cat's away, well the mice will play Lol smiley face, Have a nice a-day Cause pop-pop-pop it goes my rubber band
So stop-stop-stop sa-niffin' that contraband Cause you was penny pinchin' My account's laced Attention, about face Stylin' on 'em, big B's brought the Benz out
Elevator, press P for the Penthouse Cop those then we break like tacos
Roscoe's on his knees with a snot nose They be like she next, Kawasaki T-Rex
Give him some Kleenex, match his little V-necks Oh, that's what he left Let his momma pick it up
Might back up on it Vroom vroom, with the pickup truck That blue and yellow, yeah that's the Carmelo Jag I bob and weave 'em, hit him with that Mayweather jab
I get the thumbs up like I'm hailin' a yellow cab My flow nuts like M&M's in a yellow bag




I am going home (home) I shut it down already I am going home (home) I shut it down already I am going home (home) Guess who You bitches it's re-re (lime lime)
Go get me strawberry kiwi Fashion week in Paris was nice (nice)
Every designer had my size (size) (ha ha ha ha ha ha)
Switch my hair they gon copy her(copy her)
Switch my gear they gon copy her (you copy her)
L-l-look at how they stare just to copy her (copy her)
Well roger that Did you copy that
copycat I am-going home (home) I shut it down already
I am -going home (home)  I shut it down already
I am going home (home) Back door Because I am leaving
Want more But now they just greedy
Yo tellem fi go make em qwan with no mistakes
Color up shades lower with my disguise
Switch my hair they gon copy her (copy her)
Switch my gear they gon copy her (you copy her)
L-l-look at how they stare just to gon copy her (copy her)
Well roger that Did you copy that copycat I am going home (home)  I shut it down already I am going home (home) I shut it down already I am going home (home) Are you ready for the show (show)
We get alotta dough (dough) And you already know Yea you already know That I done shut it down (down) That's why I'm going home (home)




Yo yo yo yo Big meals I think I'm gettin the itis
I big ball dat ain't no elephantiasis
Three girl play so I'm tripling my value
Keri steal keysha pass nicki with da alley u
More bottles den whine-o Den with da coupe all white albino
And you kno it's going down like drano
Cause wen I come out it's a zoo with a rhino
Ok he know he gonna have to step up on a c note
Starbucks Hazelnut vanilla capo-chino Rose greco
Flyer den a? Get your prince truck I'm flyer den dark window Get your money up, get your money up Get your money up, get your money up
Get your money up I know that's right, Keri, your girl KC
They gon' hate on this one right here, let's go Now get your money up, get your money up Get your money up, we don't like them broke boys We don't like them broke boys




Excuse me little mama but you can say I'm on duty
I'm looking for a cutie
A real big ole ghetto booty
I really like your kitty kat and if you let me touch her
I'll know your not a bluffer, I'll take you to go see Usher
I keep a couple hoes like Santa I keep a Vixen
Got that Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, Comet, Cupid, Donner, Blitzen
I'm hotter than a hundred degrees (wooh)
Alotta bread, (wooh) no sesame seeds
If I'm in yo city I'm signing them tig old bitties
I'm plotting on how I can take Cassie away from Diddy
The girls wanna minaj, yeah they wetter than the rainin
Usher buzz me in, everybody loves raymond




Aww fuck it give me that damn bucket When I throw this pussy you better not start ducking
Ohh, yo, hit em with the blow. Look out n the crowd and everybody's yelling noo!
Grab em by his locks and give him some good boxer head
Not below the belt I wanna give em good top. top. top.
Give em good top head not below the belt I wanna give him good top!
One, two three, they yelling one, two three I dem hit em with the motherfucking court two piece tell em.
Tell em to mop out too late to tap out Give em more head then toupees with the knockout.




Daddy oh Daddy Poppy oh Poppy I need to Dance
Cause she shakin it for daddy she shakin it for me
she shakin it for daddy she shakin it for me she lifting up her ass and she drop it to the beat she shakin it for dad for the cash (jiggling) she really really really lookin for a bankroll (jiggling)she move it round and round like a mary-go-ring (jiggling) she be like i be i be i be on that money shit (jiggling) she be like i be i be i be on that money shit
Ayo I be I be I be I be I be on that money shit get that sloppy toppy roqer copy
I be running shit money in the air its a festival cuz I ba ba ba ba ball no testiculs
I'm flyer than a eagle that's balding I throw it back like hair lines that's balding
I stay ballin I don't mean spalding I never answer when the refures calling
she be droppin in the club think im bout to fall in love cause she make that booty roll when she cum onto the pole thats why she got my heart from cash to credit card she got me spendin all my money shit i could of bought a car. you know you like it daddy you know you like it babe yeah i like it babe yeah it like it babe you know you want it babe yeah you want it babe yeah i want it babe And then this other girl grabbed me and she whispered in my ear she said this other girl aint doin shit it's crackin over here she put my hand on her booty and it jiggle and me woozy now we bout to make a movie in the club goin stick
you know you like it babe you know you like it babe yeah i like it babe yeah i like it babe you know you want it babe yeah you want it babe
yeah i want it babe You was sleeping on me thinking it was slumber time now Imma change the topic lil mamma number siqn wa wanna play meet me at the fumble line cuz I'm a ninja karbonhq time buzzing like a bee but nope I don't stand a link ching a ling a ling
I show dem the middle finger ring ting a ling a ling school bells a ring a ling
stiff shift the thing a linq ball like yall minq a linq excuse me wat happen
I'm flyer than a robin I'm flyer than a eagle ya dun a make it nothing and when I pop my pussy
I pop it on his suzuki I pop it so crazy cooky I'm back in them dazi dookies
I be shakin it for daddy he want more more more got that bently go that cadie and there
all four door if I pull him by the collar boy he gonna holla I be shakin it for daddy he want more more more






You need a future daddy
Give me my peter pan
When I hit the club it'll be me and my conceited friend
Been signing autographs
Since like a quarter past
I'm in the hallway, don't need no hall pass
If I eat it then everybody gonna order that
Everything I do these bitches wishing they'd thought of that
I'm a indian giver I want the quarter back
If hip hop was dead, bitch I just brought her back
Take it to the off
I'ma take it take it off
I'ma take it to the club
Then we take it to the loft
I'ma take it to my niggas, I'ma take it to the boss
I'ma jiggle it jiggle it
Baking soda soft
I'ma put it in ya face, I'ma put it in ya braids
The way I make it pop, you can put me in the space
Make it rain as a ten thousand dollar day
Poppin like champaign on a holiday




I wanna do you at yo Mama house, on the couch,
Do you in the bathroom of the Airplane.
Do you on a balcony, in the Taxi,
Cause I can't get enough of that thing
Let's do up in Disney at the Magic Kingdom.
You can tug on my Gesuppies and my Badgley Mischkas.
I'm a ba ba ba, I'm a bag of fun.
I'm a pro with them balls like AND 1.
Now lets go, Mexico that's where we next to go.
Do him like his momma make him eat his vegetables.
Can call me a stage mom, boy you best ta blow.
Or you can even call me Wanda cause I'm "ret ta go".
You know I'm spoiled lil daddy, stomps the floor.
We can do it on Fifth Ave in the Department store.
We can do it in Tokyo, we do it in Taiwan.
All my Harajuku girls say I am they icon.




Ay Yo
Eeny meeny miny mo
I'm p-p-pickin hoes
To pucker up
And kiss my ass under the mistletoe
Yes I am about my cake
Just call me Ana Mae's
I keep a gentlemen
First name Benjamin
Don't mess with Washington
Don't mess with Abrahem
Patty cake, Patty cake
Better get the bakers man
Frosted flakes is on my finger
Fruity Loops is is on my wrist
Fruity Pebble barbie pendant
Don't forget to ice my kiss
Now where my girls at?
That stack money
That young money
That cash money
I walk the red carpet
You clean the red carpet
Go get your Vacuum
Don't you get me started!




Damn right a Bitch Qualified
I should work for Homicide
Kill these guys, Put em on forensic files
Uh... M-M-Man down when I bring da Lamb round
He say nicki u da best Hands down
Flyer than a Airlift
Pull it with no hair clips
Ponytail, no Scrunchie
Parachute, No bungy
Peggy and Al Bundy
Ballin like Van Gundy
Alligator Heels on
Crocodile Dundy...




Call Me Darcula cause all i do is count chips
ya money minnie I aint talkin bout the mouse trick
These girls runnin like i jus threw da bouquet
They know I'm Headed to the top lik a 2pay
Now all the bums be wonderin where I beez at
If you aint a BARBIE its none of ya freakin beezwax!
These little rappers I could see dem in my dash cam
I know they grouchy like oscar up out the trash can
Im on stage you can sit the crowd
I be up in leer jets make a left at the cloud (Ha-Ha)
I Think she need the heimlich she the chokin kind
She gets no burn no smoking sign (CHA)
Metaphor heaven
So they approve Nicki like my credit score seven
Mac'n'cheese six fry chicken da guts
And Im killin these bxtchez mike vickin it UP!!






Let us begin with the bad lil specimen
Balenciagas only thing I be steppin in
Gucci bathing suits the only thing im dressin in
Cuz I get wetter than a navy seal veteran
G-g-got em writing love letters in they journal
Keep em on they toes like a midget at tha urinal
Badd as I wanna be, she aint bad she a
Sad lil wannabe!




Hot dammit it's a miracle, Please adjust the temperature, I switched up the interior in my european 50. Damn Gucci lyrical. Nah I ain't lyrical but my bracelet is crazy but my necklace is a miracle. Blacker than Nigeria, with brand new material counting a quarter million while I'm pouring a bowl of cereal, fresher than your ever were richer than a year ago with three dollars a skittle but it's eight hundred a cheerio. I was error and rude same color as a prune yellow chain look like the moon and my old school is maroon. Roon hearing ert-ert when it skert 26's on the skirt's and a bird with a flirt, you can tirt I got twerk I keep work in my birds I got bird I got bricks I got pounds of that herbs use to be my favorite word now my ice game is superb so them hoes can suck my dick Y'all be trying hard tighten up on yo jooooob 
I'm Nicki Minajjjjjj, Gucci Mane and rocko Y'all be trying hard , tighten up on yo jooooob  I'm Nicki Minajjjjjj, Gucci Mane and rocko 
Zoom boom I'm 5'4 double R zoom zoom I don't give a fuck about ya looney tune goons yellin poon poon when your really coon coon. I eat these rap bitches no fork no spoon, I'm Nicki I been nicki I'm picky I stay around the six like that little mouse mickey. Ask rocko ask gucci... ask gucci, gucci bandana. I'm a star I'm the black hannah montana. I'm such a girl, I'm such a girly girl. I'm sippin on my milkshake with this swirly swirl excuse me mister put some cherries in my cups. I take my shirt off and watch the boyz go nuts! boys goes nuts boys-boys goes nuts all the dope boys all the boys wanna fuck. my niqqa S bezzy keep my wrist brezzy why would I go hard when this shit is soo easy




I'm in the collard green 6, cornbread in the guts.
Got the Halloween kicks trick or treating the clutch.
Come on nigga, is you tricking or what?
Flow tighter than a dick in the butt.
Just hopped off the plane, came back from Vancouv'
Little white tee, some boobs and bamboo.
White girls tell me, "Hey, Nicki, your camp rules.
Is that why you get more head than shampoos?"
Asalaamalaikum, no oink for me.
And I never let a D-boy boink for free.
'Cause it's barbie bitch, you can join the wave.
I done penny, nickel, dimed, I done coined the phrase.
You couldn't beat me there if you had a Leer.
Indian-style court side with a cavalier
VIP Roseau's you can have a beer.
'Cause honey when you getting money you don't have a care.
Now Roger that, Roger that. Roger that, Roger that.
Roger that, Roger that...Roger.




Okay, I get it, let me think, I guess it's my turn
Maybe it's time to put this pussy on your sideburns
He say I'm bad, he probably right
He pressing me like button-downs on a Friday night 
I'm so pretty like, be on my pedal bike
Be on my low starch, be on my egg whites
He say, "Nicki don't stop, you the bestest"
And I'd just be coming off the top, asbestos






It's going down, down Barbie
Pushing a pink Ferrari
I breeze through Africa
Just to see the safari
I am the baddest bi*tch
In America
Slicker than a jerri curl
Just as Erica
The black Sarah Jessica
Don't be text messaging me
I never check my messages
Only thing you could ask me
Is how I want my sandwiches
I want more cheese
Lots and lots of cheese
And when I'm on the stage
I'm with SB's
And when you see my luggage
It says LV
And when I'm on the plane
It's so empty
Hmmm. That's why all those female rappers envy








Excuse Me Can I See Your Dang A Lang Brother
I Mean You Know Just Juggle Your Balls Like The Ringalin Brothers
I'm The Harajukku Barbie I Ain't Tripping On Your Chain
I Mean Look I Got The Sports Package On My Range
I Just Dip In The Pink For The Pink Effect
D-Diamonds On My Neck For The Link Effect
And I Was Wondering If I Can Lip sync on that
You Know My Name Rings
Ring Tinkle Bells
WaWatch (Check)
Chain (Check)
They Be On A Rain Check
I Be On The Move
They Be Reaching But They Can't Catch
I Be With The Baddest Bitch
On The Island Styling
Black Miley cyrus Saying Hi To Pirates
I Be Singing Them Ballads
When He Tossing My Salad
When I Pet My Parrot All You See Is
Colorful Carrots
I Be Singing Them Ballads
When He Tossing My Salad
When I Pet My Parrot All You See Is
Colorful Carrots Oh!




Uh, yo. Yo.
It was back in 07 did a couple of tapes.
Did a couple DVDs made a couple mistakes
Didn't know what I was doing but I put on a cape
Now it's which world tour should I go on today?
See, you told me I would lose but I won.
I might cop a million Jimmy Choo's just for fun.
Cause bitches couldn't take what's in me
Australia, Sydney
Might run up in Disney
Out in LA with Lindsey.
Got the eye of the tiger the lion of Judah
Now it's me and my time it's just me in my prime
Everything I tried to teach 'em they gone see it in time.
Tell them bitches get a stick, I'm done leading the blind.
Got two shows tonight that's Brooklyn and Dallas
Then a private party at the Buckingham palace.
Which means I gotta fly like a movie no commercial
That's young money, cash money, yeah, I'm universal.
I hear they coming for me.
Because the top is lonely.
What the fuck they gon' say?
What the fuck they gon' say?
I'm the best bitch doing it,
I'm the best bitch doing it.
I'm the best best best best
I'm the best best best best
Yo, yo, I remember when I couldn't buy my mother a couch
Now I'm sitting at the closing, bought my mother a house.
You could never understand why I grind like I do.
Makiah and Julani why I grind like I do.
Cause even when my daddy was on crack I was crack
Now the whole album cracked you ain't gotta skip a track.
I ain't gotta get a plaque, I ain't gotta get awards
I just walk up out the door all the girls will applaud.
All the girls will commend as long as they understand
That I'm fighting for the girls that never thought they could win.
Cause before they could begin you told them it was the end
But I am here to reverse the curse that they live in.
Got two bones to pick I'm a only choose one,
You might get addressed on the second album
Which means you can breathe until I motherfucking say so.
To all my bad bitches I can see your halo.
I hear they coming for me. Because the top is lonely. What the fuck they gon' say? What the fuck they gon' say? I'm the best bitch doing it, I'm the best bitch doing it. I'm the be be best. I am the best! Eh, eh, it's okay. It's okay. Long as you know, Long as you know, Long as you motherfucking know, I am the best best best best.
I'm the best best best best... I hear they coming for me (I hope they coming for me) Because the top is lonely ('Cause the top is lonely) What the fuck they gon say? (What they gone say?) What the fuck they gon say? (What they gone say?) I'm the best bitch doing it, doing it
I'm the best bitch doing it, doing itI'm the best best best best.I'm the best best best best. I'm the best!




I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin
So far ahead, these bums is lagging'
See me in that new thing, bums is gagging'
I'm starting' to feel like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
I'm starting' to feel like a dungeon dragon
Look at my show footage, how these girls be spazzin'
So fuck, I look like gettin' back to a has-been?
Yeah, I said it, has-been
Hang it up, flatscreen
(Ha ha) Plasma
Hey, Nicki, hey Nicki, asthma
I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine
I got bars, sentencing
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt
And I'll kick that hoe, punt
Forced trauma, blunt
You play the back, bitch, I'm in the front
You need a job, this ain't cuttin' it
Nicki Minaj is who you ain't fuckin' with
You little brag-a-lot, I beat you with a pad-a-lock
I am a movie, camera block
You outta work, I know it's tough
But enough is enough
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon
Is this the thanks that I get for puttin' you bitches on?
Is it my fault that all of you bitches gone?
Should've sent a thank-you note, you little ho
Now I'm a wrap your coffin with a bow
(Ni-ni-ni) "Nicki, she's just mad 'cause you took the spot"
Word, that bitch mad 'cause I took the spot?
Well, bitch, if you ain't shittin', then get off the pot
Got some niggas out in Brooklyn that'll off your top
I-I-I hear them mumblin', I hear the cacklin'
I got 'em scared, shook, panickin'
Overseas, church, Vatican
You at a stand, still, mannequin
You wanna sleep on me? Overnight?
I'm the motherfuckin' boss, overwrite
And when I pull up, vroom, motorbike
Now all my niggas gettin' bucked, overbite
I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levi's
Raggedy-ass, holes in your knee-highs
I call the play, now do you see why?
These bitches callin' me Manning, Eli
(Manning, Eli!) Ma, ma-ma-ma-ma, Manning, Eli
These bitches callin' me (Manning, Eli)
Roman! Roman! Stop it, stop it! You've gone mad, mad, I tell you, mad!
You and this boy Slim Shady!
What's goin' on? They'll lock you away!
They'll put you in a jail cell!
I promise! Take your mother's warning, Roman
Please Back to bed! Run along!
Let's go! Come on! Wash your mouth out with soap, boys (Boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys...)






Shitted on 'em
Man, I just shitted on 'em
Shitted on 'em
Put your number 2's in the air
If you did it on 'em
Shitted on 'em
Man, I just shitted on 'em
Shitted on 'em
Put your number 2's in the air
If you did it on 'em
All these bitches is my sons
And I'm a go and get some bibs for 'em
A couple formulas, little pretty lids on 'em
If I had a dick I would pull it out and piss on 'em
Let me shake it off
I just signed a couple deals I might break you off
And we ain't making up, I don't need a mediator
Just let those bums blow steam, radiator
That was an earthquake bitch
Shitted on 'em
You got the ground shaking
Man, I just shitted on 'em
You bitches ain't fucking with her
Shitted on 'em
Put your number 2's in the air
If you did it on 'em
You must have lost your fucking mind
Shitted on 'em
You must have bumped your fucking head
Man, I just shitted on 'em
Shitted on 'em
Put your number 2's in the air
If you did it on 'em
This stone is flawless, F 1
I keep shooters up top in the F 1
A lot of bad bitches begging me to F 1
But I'm a eat them rap bitches when the chef come
Those were fresh ones
More talent in my mother fucking left thumb
She ain't a Nicki fan then the bitch def dumb
You ain't my son, you my motherfucking step son
I don't know what layaway look like
Shitted on 'em
Bitch, I can't even spell welfare
Man, I just shitted on 'em
You got me mistaken with your mother, hoe
Shitted on 'em
Put your number 2's in the air
If you did it on 'em
We at the top bitch
Shitted on 'em
Man, I just shitted on 'em
Shitted on 'em
Put your number 2's in the air
If you did it on 'em
All these bitches is my sons
And I ain't talking 'bout Phoenix
Bitch I get money so I does what I pleases
I live where the motherfucking pools and the trees is
Broke bitches so crusty, disgust me
Gave the bitch a ride, got the Continental dusty
Trust me, I keep a couple hundred in the Duff-b
Couple wet wipes in case a bum try to touch me (ew)
I'm the terminator
Bitch talk slick, I'm a have to terminate her
These little nappy headed hoes need a perminator
You my seed, I spray you with a germinator
Move back bugs, matter fact
You know the queen could use a back rub
If you could turn back time, Cher
You used to be here, now you're gone Nair
Shitted on 'em
Man, I just shitted on 'em
Shitted on 'em
Put your number 2's in the air
If you did it on 'em
Shitted on 'em
Man, I just shitted on 'em
Shitted on 'em
Put your number 2's in the air
If you did it on 'em








You see right through me
How do you do that shit? How do you You let me win, you let me ride
You let me rock, you let me slide
And when they looking, you let me hide
Defend my honor, protect my pride
The good advice, I always hated
But looking back, it made me greater
You always told me, forget the haters
Just get my money, just get my weight up
Know when I'm lying, know when I'm crying
It's like you got it down to a science
Why am I trying, no, you ain't buying
I tried to fight it, back with defiance You make me laugh, you make me hoarse From yelling at you and getting at you
Picking up dishes, throwing 'em at you Why are you speaking when no one asked you?
You see right through me How do you do that shit? How do you You see right through me
How do you do that shit? How do you  What are we doing? Could you see through me?
'Cause you say, "Nicki," and I say, "Who? Me?" And you say, "No you," and I say, "Screw you."
Then you start dressing and you start leaving And I start crying, and I start screaming The heavy breathin' But what's the reason
Always get the reaction You wanted I'm actually Fronting I'm asking you something yo Answer this question, class is in session
Tired of letting passive aggression Control my mind, capture my soul OK, you're right just let it go OK you got it, it's in the can
Before I played it, you knew my hand You could turn a free throw to a goal
Nigga got the peep hole to my soul You see right through me How do you do that shit How do you You see right through me
How do you do that shit How do you  Stop! Stop! Won't you just stop looking through me
'Cause I can't take it? No, I can't take it You see right through me How do you do that shit How do you  You see right through me How do you do that shit How do you 






I came to win, to fight, to conquer, to thrive I came to win, to survive, to prosper, to rise To fly To fly I wish today it will rain all day
Maybe that will kinda make the pain go away
Trying to forgive you for abandoning me
Praying but I think I'm still an angel away
Angel away, yeah strange in a way
Maybe that is why I chase strangers away
They got their guns out aiming at me
But I become Neo when they're aiming at me
Me, me, me against them Me against enemies, me against friends
Somehow they both seem to become one
A sea full of sharks and they all smell blood
They start coming and I start rising
Must be surprising, I'm just surmising
I win, thrive, soar, higher, higher, higher
More fire Everybody wanna try to box me in
Suffocating every time it locks me in
Painting their own pictures then they crop me in
But I will remain where the top begins
'Cause I am not a word, I am not a line
I am not a girl that can ever be defined
I am not fly, I am levitation I represent an entire generation
I hear their criticism loud and clear
That is how I know that the time is near
So we become alive in a time of fear
And I ain't got no motherfucking time to spare
Cry my eyes out for days upon days
Such a heavy burden placed upon me
But when you go hard your nays become yays
Yankee Stadium with Jays and Kanyes
Get ready for it Get ready for it Get ready for it I came to win Get ready for it Get ready for it Get ready for it I came to win








I drove for miles
Just to find
You and find myself
All these screams
All these voices
In my head
You gave me strength
Gave me hope
For a lifetime
I never was satisfied
This time won't you save me
This time won't you save me
Baby I can feel myself giving up
Givin up
This time won't you save me
This time won't you save me
Baby I can feel myself giving up
It's not your fault
I'm a bitch
I'm a monster
Yes I'm a beast
And I feast
When I conquer
But I'm alone
On my throne
All these riches
I came this way All this way Just to say hey This time won't you save me This time won't you save me Baby I can feel myself giving up
Givin up This time won't you save me This time won't you save me Baby I can feel myself giving up I'm giving up baby
I'm giving up baby (feels like I've been driven for miles)
I'm giving up baby
(and I can't seem to silence these voices in my head)
This time won't you save me
(please save me) This time won't you save me This time won't you save me This time won't you save me
Baby I can feel myself giving up
Givin up This time won't you save me This time won't you save me Baby I can feel myself giving up






I fly with the stars in the skies
I am no longer trying to survive
I believe that life is a prize
But to live doesn't mean you're alive
Don't worry 'bout me and who I fire
I get what I desire, it's my empire
And yes I call the shots, I am the umpire
I sprinkle holy water upon the vampire
In this very moment I'm king
In this very moment I slay Goliath with a sling
In this very moment I bring, put it on everything
That I will retire with the ring
And I will retire with the crown, yes
No, I'm not lucky, I'm blessed, yes
Clap for the heavy weight champ, me
But I couldn't do it all alone, we
Young money raised me, grew up out in Baisley
South side Jamaica, Queens and it's crazy
Cause I'm still hood, Hollywood couldn't change me
Shout out to my haters,
Sorry that you couldn't faze me
Ain't being cocky, we just vindicated
Best believe that what we done this moment
Will be syndicated, I don't know
This night just remind me of
Everything they deprived me of
Put your drinks up
It's a celebration every time we link up
We done did everything they could think of
Greatness is what we on the brink of
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
Cause in this moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
This is my moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
Cause in this moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
This is my moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive
This is my moment
I waited all my
Life, I can tell it's time
Drifting away, I'm
One with the sunsets
I have become alive
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
Cause in this moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
This is my moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive, alive








Step up in the party like my name was that bitch
All these haters mad because I’m so established
They know I’m a beast yeah I’m a fucking savage
Haters you can kill yourself
In my space shuttle and I’m not coming down
I’m a stereo and she’s just so monotone
Sometimes it's just me and all my bottles, all alone
I ain’t coming back this time
Da done done
The sun done
Yep the sun done
Came up but we still up in dungeon
Da done done
Yep in London
Competition? Why yes, I would love some
How the fuck they getting mad 'cause they run done
Mad 'cause I’m getting money in abundance
Man I can’t even count all of these hundreds
Duffle bag every time I go to suntrust
I leave the rest just to collect interest
I mean interest, fuck my nemesis
Exclamation just for emphasis
And I don’t sympathize 'cause you a simple bitch
I just pop up on these hoes on some pimple shit
And put an iron to your face you old wrinkled bitch








I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing, I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing
I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing, I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing, feels like I'm
How could it be, little me, Had the power to be the best B in the league?
Yeah, inevitably, but could it be little me?
You was heckling me, now it's monotony when I regularly, yo
I catch wreck on recreation, so I exceed all your expectations
Bitches ain't got it in 'em, I kill 'em and then I skin 'em
The contract was signed but I am the addendum
So where my dawgs at, Randy
Matter of fact, get off my dick bitch, Andy
'Cause everything is fine and dandy
Go against me now, I dare you, Bambi
Half a million dollars just to upgrade the car show
I ain't even detonate the bombs in the arsenal
Before the storm comes the calm
Hope you can take the heat like LeBron,
Ah, ha, ha-ha-ha-ha, ha
I'm the best now, anybody with some money should invest now
Soccer moms need to organize a pep rall'
Your game over bitch, Gatorade, wet towel
Motherfuckers ain't ready, they never been
As long as I am in the game, you'll never win
I'm on that different type of high, heroin
Put on my cape and hit the sky, heroine!






Why is that you could only see the worst in me?
I swear sometimes I feel like it nurtures me
But to keep it all real, it's kinda hurting me
I could say I’m done with it, but it lurks in me
So I’m a just tell myself that it works for me
Take a real long drive in the Mer-ce-des
And I might pop a couple of them per-ca-ces
Yeah, that’ll make me transform to Hercules
Here I am, Here I am, so take me, as I am
Here I am, Here I am, so take me, as I am
Here I am, Here I am, so take me, as I am
I swear to God, man, everything in life is old
And the only thing that change is the price of gold
Even in the afterlife I’m a fight your soul
'Cause the second time around I’ll be twice as bold
So, do you take me to be who I am?
To have and to hold 'til death do us part?
'Cause if not it’s just best we both part
'Cause how am I supposed to finish what you start?
You got me thinking’ twice to just breathe
Then you say I won’t survive if I leave
But I got a couple of tricks up my sleeve
I no longer need your attention, at ease
It’s a joke, it’s a game,
Why am I still keeping score?
I’m in pain, I’m ashamed
I’m a woman, hear me roar
It’s a joke, it’s a game,
Why am I still keeping score?
I’m in pain, I’m ashamed
I’m a woman, hear me roar
Now it’s a joke, it’s a game,
Why am i still keeping score?
I’m in pain, I’m ashamed
I’m a woman, hear me roar
It’s a joke, it’s a game,
Why am i still keeping score?
I’m in pain, I’m ashamed
I’m a woman, hear me roar






Maybe you died 'cause everybody ask me where you at
I tried to channel you in hopes that I could stare you back
But it's like every intersection we just missed each other
You got your fans waiting tell me you ain't six feet under
And tell me that you're coming back and you just took a break
Maybe I blamed you for everything that was my mistake
In hindsight I loved your rawness and I loved your edge
'Cause it was you who talked me down from jumping off the ledge
Your earrings bamboo, your long nails too
Your BMW every time you came through
You was the brave heart
You stole Wayne heart
You never switched it up
You played the same part
But I needed to grow
And I needed to know
Were there some things inside of me that I needed to show?
So I just deaded you
Left you in all black
But dear old Nicki
Please call back
You told me you'd come when I needed you
And you said it so sweetly I believed you
But I'm standing here calling I can't see you
But I am holding you, holding you, holding you to that
Yo, did I chase the glitz and glamour
Money, fame and power
'Cause if so that will forever go down my lamest hour
I should've kept you with me getting at them nameless cowards
There was no match for you, couldn't defeat your prowess
I had to make them changes, I hoped you understood
You see for every bad, I did a ton of good
But you was underground, and I was mainstream
I live the life now, that we would daydream
My only wish is you come enjoy it with me
Get on them conference calls, go meet the lawyers with me
The money came, yeah, tripled and quadrupled it
But I still miss us when we was just on some stupid shit
And it's still fuck the media
They ridiculed you, never believed in you
They just deaded you
Left you in all black
But dear old Nicki
Please call back You told me you'd come when I needed you
And you said it so sweetly I believed you
But I'm standing here calling I can't see you
But I am holding you, holding you, holding you to that
And yes I'm holding you, holding you, holding you
And, yes I'm holding you, holding you, holding you
And yes I'm holding you, holding you, holding you
To thatAnd yes I'm holding you, holding you, holding you
And, yes I'm holding you, holding you, holding you
And yes I'm holding you, holding you, holding you To that






I could've been had fame, jump shot with a stupid ass aim
Caus' you couldn't get around the last name, so my cross-over wins the last game
And it's ill right, switched up the flow but it's still right
Go back to that, yeah I still might Imma just do me when it feel right
You could bring it anyday, natural bad ass NBA
Thats my initials, thats why officials don't blow the whistle, bang, bang, the pistol
And I'm bossy, can't keep these hoes up off me
Damn the flow nasty, coffee don't you do like the pope and cross me
Yeah this is my last chance, last chance
Yeah this is my last chance
And shoot, I'm ready to shoot
I'm ready to shoot (I'm ready to shoot)
And I'm ready to shoot (I'm ready to shoot)
I'm ready, I'm ready to shoot (I'm ready to shoot)
I'm ready, I'm ready to shoot, I'm ready to shoot
I get it in though, no sexueal innuendo
Nobody that I could just depend on, until I touch down in the end zone
And then they come out like roaches, p-p-pecking away like vultures
But little did they know, distribute the payroll, pick out the outfit, pick out the single
Sadly, I'm so business savy, similar protocol but the tidbits vary
Never been like me, ain't never been like this my flow's a crisis they screamin high pitch
Gun cock, pause, and I'm well away of the gun, yours
Tell 'em that I'm willing for the top Forbes, headed to the top, dot, org
All the days of my life, I have been waiting for this time
Could you believe now it's right before my eyes
Anybody trying to stop me, better not fuck with me this time
Shoot, I'm ready to shoot into the sky
Yeah this is my last chance (this is your last chance), last chance
Yeah this is my last chance
And shoot, I'm ready to shoot, I'm ready to shoot
Only one chance one bullet in the gun (I'm ready to shoot)
This is my life and I only got one yeah (I'm ready to shoot)
Safety's off and I put it on stun (I'm ready to shoot)
Stick 'em up, stick 'em up




This one is for the boys with the booming system
Top down, AC with the cooling system
When he come up in the club, he be blazin' up
Got stacks on deck like he savin' up
And he ill, he real, he might got a deal
He pop bottles and he got the right kind of build
He cold, he dope, he might sell coke
He always in the air, but he never fly coach
He a motherfucking trip, trip, sailor of the ship, ship
When he make it drip, drip kiss him on the lip, lip
That's the kind of dude I was lookin' for
And yes you'll get slapped if you're lookin' hoe
I said, excuse me, you're a hell of a guy
I mean my, my, my, my you're like pelican fly
I mean, you're so shy and I'm loving your tie
You're like slicker than the guy with the thing on his eye, oh
Yes I did, yes I did, somebody please tell him who the F I is
I am Nicki Minaj, I mack them dudes up, back coupes up, and chuck the deuce up
Boy, you got my heartbeat runnin' away
Beating like a drum and it's coming your way
Can't you hear that boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bass?
You got that super bass
Boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bass
Yeah, that's the super bass
Boom (You got that super bass)
Boom (You got that super bass)
Boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bass He got that super bass
Boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bass He got that super bass
This one is for the boys in the polos
Entrepreneur niggas and the moguls
He could ball with the crew, he could solo
But I think I like him better when he down low
And I think I like him better with the fitted cap on
He ain't even gotta try to put the mac on
He just gotta give me that look, when he give me that look
Then the panties comin' off, off, uh
Excuse me, you're a hell of a guy you know I really got a thing for American guys
I mean, sigh, sickenin' eyes I can tell that you're in touch with your feminine side, oh
Yes I did, yes I did, somebody please tell him who the F I is
I am Nicki Minaj, I mack them dudes up, back coupes up, and chuck the deuce up
Boy, you got my heartbeat runnin' away
Beating like a drum and it's coming your way
Can't you hear that boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bass?
You got that super bass
Boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bass
Yeah, that's the super bass
See I need you in my life for me to stay
No, no, no, no, no, I know you'll stay No, no, no, no, no, don't go away (ay-ay)
Boy, you got my heartbeat runnin' away
Don't you hear that heartbeat comin' your way?
Oh, it be like, boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bass
Can't you hear that boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bass?
Boy, you got my heartbeat runnin' away
Beating like a drum and it's coming your way
Can't you hear that boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bass?
You got that super bass
Boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bass
Yeah, that's the super bass








She said her name was Nicki, she came to play and her body was sick, yeah
She kill when she walks, so sexy when she talk
Aw, you know she gonna blow ya mind Okay, Nicki
Did these bitches fall and bump their little heads
I got 'em like, ah, which one of them I'ma dead
Cause when they get sick they start to cough bread
So (cough, cough, cough) just cough up that bread
The body look right, plus we crop heads
The Rolls-Royce Phantom, yup, the drophead
And that just goes to show I'm that bitch
I 26' inched the rims with black lips
Now this is the anthem, this, this is the anthem Now this is the anthem, this, this is the anthem
In-ear, in-ear, all in your in-ear
Boy, I put this pussy on your chinny, chin, chin hair
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, tell that nigga not to drink no mo'
Thinkin' that he hot, he really just so-so
That's just a ridiculous mofo
Fuck I look like (all that) Pull up in the (all black) Suede on my (floormat)
Bad bitch (format)
Rosé (call that) Don't expect a (call back)
Cause I'm international, tell him to call me Borat
Now this is the anthem, this, this is the anthem Now this is the anthem, this, this is the anthem
In-ear, in-ear, all in your in-ear Boy, I put this pussy on your chinny, chin, chin hair
Fuck I look like, what the fuck I look like, I'm a bad muthafucka what the fuck I look like








Oh no we don't play with silly girls
All I know is the material girls
Give me the muny, the cars, the case loads, the mun-mun-muny, the yen and the pesos
The mun-mun-muny, the mun-mun-muny, the mun-mun-muny
Yen and the pesos
The mun-mun-muny, the mun-mun-muny, the mun-mun-muny
Yen and the pesos
The mun-mun-muny, the mun-mun-muny, the mun-mun-muny
Yen and the pesos
The mun-mun-muny, the mun-mun-muny
The mu-mu-mu-mu-muny, the mu-mu-mu-mu-muny, muny, muny
Told y'all on Drake's shit, told y'all to fixate
Bitches want my old shit, buy my old mixtape
I ain't fuckin' with you bum bitches no more
Always in the club lookin' like a bozo
Talkin' 'bout money, we could have a conversation
Top five tax bracket in the population
Hatin' and I know they got a reason why
I ain't got to wonder if I want to lease or buy
And i dictate how I'm gonna piece the pie
I ain't talkin' about no muthafuckin pizza pie
Caus' I keep a bad bitch, booty big and the waist thin
Seen his little weiner, but we don't like Nathans
Na, homie you gon' need a bigger cock-pit
Caus when I fly, I be right behind the cockpit
(Aye, yo captain, aye yo cap', I, I don't wanna hear that navigation, baby pa'
I'm tryin', I'm tryin' to get some sleep, ya dig?)
I'm in the UK but just for one day
Whose to say I won't come back again
Materialistic I'm narcissistic, my shoe game is mean it's so sadistic
I took a learjet to cop some lipstick, yeah I'mma risk it, I'm optimistic
I sip on Rosé you sip your mistake my flows' a biscuit short of a picnic
Okay, Versace Pythons, Louis aviators, Balenciagas and they gotta be the gladiators
Chanel lambskin, vintage Vanson, I'm on the bike doin' wheelies in a mansion
A lot of bad bitches on the pole dancin', Gucci bag just to put the coke cans in
(Hey, yo, Anna, hey yo Anna Wintour, I'ma need that cover baby girl, it's Pink Friday, ya dig)








These girls fall like dominoes, dominoes
These girls fall like dominoes, d-d-dominoes
These girls fall like dominoes, dominoes
These girls fall like dominoes, d-d-dominoes
Dominoes, dominoes
I'ma need sixty-nine real bad girls for my tour bus
Somebody get security to escort us
They go the long way, but we take the short cuts
Give me the blonde hair, long weave, short cuts
You know the flow sick, came in on the small bus
So give the d-cup, c-cup, small bust
They judge me like the girls on trial
But every time that I come out it's just girls gone wild
Got the domino effect in the front row passing out
With little bikini tops they got they x's hanging out
Say my shoe game nuts, so I call ‘em cashews
Every other city there's another Nicki tattoo
Steal Wayne girls, I steal Drake girls
You know the real bitches love me fuck the fake girls
So if you pretty, I sign titties
I got the key to every mothafucking city
Okay so when I’m in the hills I hang with Kristin Cavallari
And when I’m in Miami I’m with Kourtney, Kim and Khloe
And when I’m in the A I’m with Ciara or it’s Keri
I’m feeling like a diva then I hit Marah Carey
I’m in the UK, I’ma see M.I.A.
Superhero by night, r-r-rapper by day
And if I just wanna talk I’ma hit up Monique
If I need a bad bitch Angelina Jolie
Material Girls like Madonna
Model for Donatella, ain't nothing you can tell her cause she get the mozarella
She look just like Rihanna, she work with Wilhelmina only rocking Galliano
She might be Filipino, be sippin' Pellegrino
Be watching Al Pacino, she could probably sniff a kilo
Anyway yo, hit up Grace Jones and tell her I said strangé
I’m out in Paris mothafucka with Beyoncé
Girls girls everyday from London, Canada and the USA
Girls girls everyday from London, Canada and the USA
Girls girls everyday from London, Canada and the USA
Girls girls everyday from London, Canada and the USA
Where my westside girls at
And where my eastside girls at
Yo, where my northside girls at
And where my down south girls at
Yo, where my westside girls at
Yo, where my eastside girls at
Where my up north girls at
Now where my down south girls at




Wave Ya Hand if you look good
Throw some shade if you look good
Wave Ya Hand if you look good
Anyway but you look good
Wave Ya Hand if you look good
Those them shade, if you look good
Wave Ya Hand if you look good
Anyway but you look good
I tell them bitches anyway
'cause we don't care what none of them ... say
You can't stop me, I'mma fulfill my prophecy
I do it, I did it, the proper way
I might ..., now watch how we operate
bottles on ice, the bottles is on ice
the VIP light is hitting us just right
so if you getting money just throw it up in the air
Your hands in the air, like I was your puppeteer
'cause I, I, I, I'm am Zonlaski
call me Barbie yes I'm life size
yes I'm humble but yes, why lie
I am the reason why these girls go bye bye
OK, now this right here can get me in trouble
'cause when I say I ball I don't mean in a huddle
I'm always in a Lamb', never do nothing subtle
cause it's Pink Friday hoe, that's there rebuttal
2 guns up, lets blaze it, lets go
I keep a lot of money up in the Escrow
And when I'm at the game I'm in the best row
I am the baddest bitch in the pet store
'cause I, I, I am Onika
And these shoes hear me, Fashionista
'cause these don't come out til its Easter
I'm VIP bound with Leighton Meester
Ah ya ya ya yaaaah
Ah ya ya ya yaaaah
ya ya ya ya ya ya ya yaaaah














Extracurricular, parallel to none,
I am perpendicular
Hit 'em with the oh now that's just ridiculous
We could've cleared up all these particulars
That could've been the homicide vehicular
You wasn't in no state to speed off
You was buggin' out, yeah you was p'd off
We was just chillin' up at the ski loft
Thinkin' we was on, you telling me we off
Your whole vibe changed when you got the phone call
That's the effect they call a snowball,
Next thing you know I was running down the hall,
Saying, "Please come back, I have given my all."
I have given my all
Funny how you could always make me feel small
I have given my all
Catch me, catch me, I think I'm gon' fall
My mind is made up, I'm waiting for ya
I'm waiting on you, waiting, boy
My mind is set, I'm waiting on ya
I'm waiting for you, waiting boy
Could you catch me, could you catch me,
Could you catch me?
I am waiting on you to catch me
You wanted oh so bad to prove points
But your game always makes me lose points
And your game always makes me conquer
And maybe I shoulda never taken you from here
But with all of the aforementioned
I am still trapped in your dimension
So I will be on the mountain waiting
'Cause I am in need of more attention
Could've called back just to say some
I'm a fall back in the bass drum
Please come to destination
I'm not doing well, exclamation!
You succeeded at your attempts to make me
Need you desperately to vindicate me
It's funny how you could always make me feel small
I have given my all
Catch me, catch me, I think I'm gon' fall
My mind is made up, I'm waiting for ya
I'm waiting on you, waiting, boy
My mind is set, I'm waiting on ya
I'm waiting for you, waiting, boy
Could you catch me, catch me, catch me
Could you catch me, catch me, catch me
Could you catch me, I am waiting on you to catch me
Oh, oh, OK, oh, oh, OK, oh, oh, OK
It's, it's whatever you say,
Eh, eh,It's whatever you say, Eh, eh, I am at your disposal.
My mind is made up, I'm waiting for you
I'm waiting on you, waiting, boy
My mind is set, I'm waiting on you,
I'm waiting for you, waiting, boy
Could you catch me, catch me, catch me Could you catch me, catch me catch me
Could you catch me I am waiting on you to catch me, catch me catch me




Take your medication, Roman
Take a short vacation, Roman
You'll be okay
You need to know your station, Roman
Some alterations on your clothes and your brain
Take a little break, little break
From your silencing
There is so much you can take, you can take
I know how bad you need a Roman holiday, Roman holiday
A Roman holiday
You done, you tight? You suck at life?
You don't want a round three
You'll suffer twice
Worship the queen and you might could pass
Keep it real, these bitches couldn't wipe my ass
Anyway, stylist, go get Bvlgari
I am the ultimate Svengali
You, you bitches can't even spell that
You, you hoes buggin'
Repel that
Let me tell you this, sister
I am, I am colder than a blister
'Cause my flow's so sick
And I'm a lunatic
And this can't be cured with no Elixir
'Cause y'all know who the fuck, what the fuck I do
I done put the pressure to every thug I knew
Quack quack to a duck and a chicken too
Put the hyena in a freaking zoo (pew)
Take your medication, Roman
Take a short vacation, Roman
You'll be OK
You need to know your station, Roman
Some alterations on your clothes and your brain
Take a little break, little break
From your silencing
There is so much you can take, you can take
I know how bad you need a Roman holiday
Roman holiday
A Roman holiday
Witch, twitch, bitch!
Motherfucking right, this is World War 6
This right here might make a bitch die
And this right here is gonna make a bitch cry
And if you being honest, I am such a great guy
And this what I do when a bitch breaks flock
I'mma put her in a dungeon under, under
No them bitches ain't eating
They dying of hunger
Motherfucker I need, who the fuck is this whore
And yes maybe just a touch of Tourettes
Get my wigs Terrence go and get my beret
Take your medication, Roman
Take a short vacation, Roman
You'll be OK
You need to know your station, Roman
Some alterations on your clothes and your brain
Take a little break, little break
From your silencing
There is so much you can take, you can take
I know how bad you need a Roman holiday, Roman holiday
A Roman holiday
Come all ye faithful
Joyful and triumphant
I am Roman Zolanski
Come all ye faithful
Joyful and triumphant
I am Roman Zolanski
Come all ye faithful
Joyful and triumphant
I am Roman Zolanski
Talking about me, you talking about me?
I dare a motherfucker, to be talking about me
Them bitches must be smokin' a couple of OC
They want the outline, I give them a goatee
God damn, motherfucker, you talking about me?
I dare a motherfucker, to be talking about me
Them bitches must be smoking a couple of OC
Ha ba ba ba ga gum the goatee
Take your medication, Roman
Take a short vacation, Roman
You'll be OK
You need to know your station, Roman
Some alterations on your clothes and your brain
Take a little break, little break
From your silencing
There is so much you can take, you can take
I know how bad you need a Roman holiday
Roman holiday
A Roman holiday




Bitches ain't serious, man these bitches delirious
All these bitches inferiors, I just pimp my interiors
I just pick up and go, might pick up a hoe
Might give conversation, if you kick up the dough
Never mind my money; never mind my stacks
Every bitch wanna be me, you can find 'em in Saks
"Pink Friday" two milli, "Super Bass" triple play
When you see me on Ellen, just admit that I'm winning
Do a show for Versace, they request me by name
And if they don't get Nicki, it just won't be the same
When I'm sitting with Anna, I'm really sitting with Anna
Ain't a metaphor punchline, I'm really sitting with Anna!
Front row at Oscar de la Renta posture
Ain't a bitch that could do it, not even my impostor
Put these bitches on lockout, where the fuck is your roster?
I pull up in that new new, marinara and pasta
Shake my head yo I'm mad, ain't a bitch in my zone
In the middle of nowhere, I just feel so alone
Got the certification, 'cause it come with the stone
But this ice is so cold, it should come on a cone
It should come on a cone, it should come on a cone
And my ice is so cold, it should come on a cone
It should come on a cone, it should come on a cone
'Cause my ice is so cold, it should come on a cone
7-Up went and gave, my commercial to Cee-Lo
But don't tell them I said it, let's keep it on the d-low
If you need you a look, just put me on your song
But you know it'll cost, about six figures long
But you bitches ain't got it, where the fuck is your budgets?
Flying spurs for hers; me I'm fucking above it
And I just got the ghost, and I'm calling it Casper
But this shit is so cold, it belong in Alaska
Why the fuck am I styling? I competes with myself
When you went against Nicki, you depleted your wealth
And I'm not masturbating, but I'm feeling myself
Paparazzi is waiting, 'cause them pictures will sell
Now don't you feel a-stupid, yeah that's egg on your face
If you weren't so ugly, I'd put my dick in your face!
Dick in your face; put my dick in your face, yeah!
Shake my head yo I'm mad, ain't a bitch in my zone
In the middle of nowhere, I just feel so alone
Got the certification, 'cause it come with the stone
But this ice is so cold, it should come on a cone
It should come on a cone, it should come on a cone
And my ice is so cold, it should come on a cone
It should come on a cone, it should come on a cone
'Cause my ice is so cold, it should come on a cone
Ooh-ooh, dick in your face Put my dick in your face
Put my dick in your face, yeah yeah Yeah yeah






Look sucker, this my gun butter
Street fighter bitches, this the up cutter
Nunchuck’a, no time to ducka'
Sign of the cross, 'cause this is her last supper
Play with me, check who came with me
I bought a couple 9′s, plus the k's with me
I breeze through queens to check some bad bitches
I stunt so hard, assess the damages
'Cause this that aw, this is that aw
And yes I body bitches go get the bandages
Young yummy, fuck you got from me
I hate a phony bitch that front that chum chummy
I'm me top shotta' drop the top toppa'
Big fat pussy with a icy watch
I am your leader, yes I am your leader
You're not a believer, suck a big dick
When I fly, it's one letter and one number
You wack hoes could get hot for one summer
After that the queen will still reign here,
I'm Santa Claus to these hoes without a reindeer
St. Nick. Ross, hey Rick. I just got a toy, cost eight fifty
Now I'm in the hood, niggas is getting woodies
Hit up Hot Topic, Nicki Minaj hoodies
I'm a brand, bitch, I'm a brand
Go to Harlem, and get Cam
It's Dipset, get your dick wet
Boarded the big jet, and got a big check
Now you tell me, who the fuck is winning
I'm on my Russel Simmon, Nicki denim Nicki linen
I am your leader, yes I am your leader
You're not a believer, suck a big dick
I am your leader, yes I am your leader
You're not a believer, suck a big dick
I am your leader, yes I am your leader
You're not a believer, suck a big dick






Bitches ain't shit, and they ain't sayin' nothin'
A hundred motherfuckers can't tell me nothin'
I beez in the trap, bee, beez in the trap
I beez in the trap, bee, beez in the trap
Man, I been did that
Man, I been popped off
And if she ain't tryna give it up, she get dropped off
Let me bust that U-ie
Bitch, bust that open
Might spend a couple thou' just to bust that open
Rip it off, no jokin'
Like your name Hulk Hogan
Niggas move weight in the South, but live in Hoboken
Bitch, I spit that crack
Like I'm in that trap
So if you need a hit, then I'm with that bat
Bitches ain't shit, and they ain't sayin' nothin'
A hundred motherfuckers can't tell me nothin'
I beez in the trap, bee, beez in the trap
I beez in the trap, bee, beez in the trap
Bitches ain't shit, and they ain't sayin' nothin'
A hundred motherfuckers can't tell me nothin'
I beez in the trap, bee, beez in the trap
I beez in the trap, bee, beez in the trap
Damn, damn what they say about me?
I don't know man, fuck is on your biscuit?
If I get hit swinging on a big bitch
I don't know man, I'm shittin' on your whole life
Bitches ain't shit, and they ain't sayin' nothin'
A hundred motherfuckers can't tell me nothin'
I beez in the trap, bee, beez in the trap I beez in the trap, bee, beez in the trap
Man I'm out in Texas, man I'm out in A-town
Then I'm up in Chi-town or Miami shuttin' it down
It's that New Orleans, it's LA or The Bay
It's New York, Philly, and the whole DMV
I'm a Detroit Player, man it's North/South Cack
Ohio, Pittsburgh, got St. Louis on deck
It's Delaware, Connecticut, it's New Jersey got hella bricks
It's Queens Brooklyn and yea they're wildin'
The Bronx Harlem and Staten Island
Bitches ain't shit, and they ain't sayin' nothin'
A hundred motherfuckers can't tell me nothin'
I beez in the trap, bee, beez in the trap I beez in the trap, bee, beez in the trap
Damn, damn what they say about me?
I don't know man, fuck is on your biscuit?
If I get hit swinging on a big bitch
I don't know man, I'm shittin' on your whole life


Zipping, I'm zipping, I'm zipping
Soon as they come out I'm dipping
Big ass closet, I'm tripping
Big booty strippers, I'm tipping
Big ass chain, I'm heavy
And it didn't cost me a penny
They pay me to rock it
Damn, I got niggas in pocket
Superbowl, Grammys
What a hell of a jammie!
All these bitches my sons
I'mma get 'em a nanny
Argentina for Pepsi, Orlando All-Star
Fuck you said bitch? Fuck you, porn star
I don't do shotgun, I be driving my own car
I don't do shots neither, I'm buying the whole bar
Holy moley, G copped me a Rolly
I ain't catching the puck
But iced out like a goalie nigga
I'm in the HOV lane, I'm in the HOV lane
And you, you-you, you-you Soul Train
I travel more than you walking with a basketball
I'm out in Spain, running game to the matador
I'm in my own lane, you ain't in my category
You like a Rav 4, I'm like the Aventador
Birkin bags, man I merc them ads
When I re-up on "Reloaded" I'mma hurt them bad
Every shoot is hot, when I'm out I'm spotted
They gon' frame the receipt if I sign the dotted
niggas on Banshees is speeding
Dirt bikes is out for the season
Back break wheelie and leaning
Damn, a bitch late for a meeting
NYPD coming
Belt Parkway, we gunning
Double R engine humming
Acting a fool, we dumbing
I'm in the HOV lane, I'm in the HOV lane
And you, y-you-you, y-you-you Soul Train
Nintendo and we in the end-zone
I don't give a fuck hoe, like we in the friend zone
What the fuck it look like? What the fuck it's hitting for?
Tell them bitches "You ain't about that life!"
I'm in the HOV lane, I'm in the HOV lane
And you, y-you-you, y-you-you Soul Train






Bang, my shit bang, bang, bang Bang, my shit bang, bang, bang
Yo, I guess I went commercial
Just shot a commercial
When I flew to the set though
I ain't fly commercial
And the ad is global
Your ad is local
Where we shot it was a lot of different agricultures
So I laugh at hopefuls "Nicki pop."
Only thing that's pop is my endorsement op
Fuck around. I have to go and reinforce the Glock
Bang, my shit bang, bang, bang Bang, my shit bang, bang, bang
Yo, is it me or did I put these rap bitches on the map again
You're mad 'cause I'm at the Grammys with the Vatican
You're in the booth, but I'm who you be channeling
Why they never bring your name up at the panel then?
Hottest MCs. Top five!
You need money. I got mine
More knots than Eric on Basketball Wives (Ya dig?)
Bang, my shit bang, bang, bang Bang, my shit bang, bang, bang
I couldn't do your TV show. I needed ten more mill
Not 10 on the back. I need 10 on signing
Give that shit to a washed up. Bitch, I'm winning
If I had a label I would never sign you, hoes
Take bitches to school then I Columbine these hoes
I hear the slick shit, bitch you washed
All you hoes crying. Christopher Bosh
Bang, my shit bang, bang, bang Bang, my shit bang, bang, bang
Ayo, now when I tell 'em that it's Barbie bitch
Yes, I really do mean that it's Barbie bitch
Ask Mattel. They auctioned my Barbie bitch
Raggedy Ann could never be a Barbie bitch
You at the bottom of the barrel scraping
I'm out in LA at the Ice Age taping
I'm chillin' at the top. I got ample time
Bite me. Apple sign
Bang, my shit bang, bang, bang Bang, my shit bang, bang, bang






















Mmm This is celebration, this is levitation
Look at how you winning now? This took dedication
This is meditation, higher education
This the official, competitor elimination
I was taking trips, with Web to move weight
Came back to Queens, to hit up a new state
Bitches don't know the half, like they flunk they math
Bitches ain't half, cut up crack, up in the stash
50 Cent Italian, icy flow
This is that Run-and-Get-a-Dollar-for-The-Ice-Cream-Cone
'Cause they killed my little cousin Nicholas
But my memory's, only happy images
This is for the hood, this is for the kids
This is for the single mothers; niggas doing bids
This one is for Tee-Tee, Tweety, Viola, Sharika
Candace, Thembi, Lauren, Aisha
It's a celebration (Put one in the air for the ghetto, ooh)
It's times like these (Ooh, ooh)
They know who we are by now (They know who we are)
Champion, the champions (Champion, champion)
It's a celebration (Put one in the air for the ghetto, ooh)
It's times like these (Ooh, ooh)
They know who we are by now (They know who we are)
Champion, the champions (Champion, champion)




It all comes down to this
I miss your morning kiss
I won't lie, I'm feeling it
You don't know, and I'm missing it
I'm so dumb, I must admit
It's too much to hold it in
I can't say no more than this
I just hope your heart hear me now
Gotta let you know how I'm feeling
You own my heart, he just renting
Don't turn away, pay attention
I'm pouring out my heart oh, boy
I, I'm not living life
I'm not living right
I'm not living if you're not by my side Oh-oh
I, I'm not living life
I'm not living right
I'm not living if you're not by my side Oh-oh I, I'm not living life
I'm not living right I'm not living if you're not by my side Oh-oh
I can't eat ah, ah, ah, ah I can't sleep ah, ah, ah
What I need ah, ah, ah Is you right by my side
I can't eat ah, ah, ah, ah I can't sleep ah, ah, ah, ah
What I need ah, ah, ah, ah Is you right by my side
It ain't your spit game
It's your dick game
That got me walking 'round ready to wear your big chain
I only argue with 'em when the Lakers on
Other than that I'm getting my Marc Jacobs on
When my pussy game so cold that he always seem to come back
'Cause he know that it'd be a wrap
When I'm riding it from the back
Wait, oh, let me see your phone
'Cause all them bitches is ratchet
And now let me get in my truck
'Cause all them bitches'll catch it
Wait wait wait, damn there I go again
I be trippin', I be flipping, I be so belligerent
Man this shit that we be fighting over so irrelevant
I don't even remember though I was probably hella bent (let's go)
I can't eat ah, ah, ah, ah I can't sleep ah, ah, ah
What I need ah, ah, ah Is you right by my side






Yeah. Bobby V. DJ turn me up,
Don't you turn this down no no. Uhh.
I think I gave him a discreet name,
He replied wit a street name
PR at the heat game
No ball but pete game
He addicted to hustle,
I'm addicted to fame
Though we packin that muscle,
I'm addicted to brain
I'm addicted to chillin,
Make a hell of a killin
Don't I stunt on these bitches?
Man I'm bad as a villain,
Get the gun Ima hunt em
When I'm done Ima done em
When we leaving the lounge, Ima keep it a hunnit
It went down. nuff said.
Pull off in that thang n it's blush red
Sex in the lounge, girl I'm gon take you down
I'm gon have you screaming girl, they gon hear the sound of our
Sex in the lounge. I can't believe this is happening to me girl, happening to me girl
Sex in the lounge, girl I'm gon take you down
I'm gon have you screaming girl, they gon hear the sound of our
Sex in the lounge. I can't believe this is happening to me girl, happening to me girl




RedOne Let's go to the beach, each
Let's go get a wave
They say, what they gonna say?
Have a drink, clink, found the Bud Light
Bad bitches like me, is hard to come by
The Patrón, own, let's go get it on
The zone, own, yes I'm in the zone
Is it two, three, leave a good tip
I'ma blow all my money and don't give two shits
I'm on the floor, floor
I love to dance
So give me more, more
'Til I can't stand
Get on the floor, floor
Like it's your last chance
If you want more, more
Then here I am
Starships were meant to fly
Hands up and touch the sky
Can't stop 'cause we're so high
Let's do this one more time (Oh oh, oh oh)
Starships were meant to fly
Hands up and touch the sky
Let's do this one last time
Can't stop
(We're higher than a motherfucker)
(We're higher than a motherfucker)
(We're higher than a motherfucker)
Jump in my hooptie hooptie hoop
I own that And I ain't paying my rent this month
I owe that But fuck who you want, and fuck who you like
That's our life, there's no end in sight Twinkle, twinkle little star
Now everybody let me hear you say ray ray ray
Now spend all your money cause today's pay day
And if you're a G, you a G, G, G
My name is Onika, you can call me Nicki
Get on the floor, floor
Like it's your last chance
If you want more, more
Then here I am
Starships were meant to fly
Hands up and touch the sky
Can't stop 'cause we're so high
Let's do this one more time (Oh oh, oh oh)
Starships were meant to fly
Hands up and touch the sky
Let's do this one last time Can't stop
(We're higher than a motherfucker)
(We're higher than a motherfucker)
(We're higher than a motherfucker)
Starships were meant to fly
Hands up and touch the sky
Can't stop 'cause we're so high
Let's do this one more time (Oh oh, oh oh)
Starships were meant to fly
Hands up and touch the sky
Let's do this one last time Can't stop
(We're higher than a motherfucker)
(We're higher than a motherfucker)
(We're higher than a motherfucker)




Oh, oh, oh,
Come fill my glass up a little more
We 'bout to get up and burn this floor
You know we getting hotter and hotter
Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down
Yo, what I gotta do to show these girls that I own them
Some call me Nicki, and some call me Roman
Skeeza, pleeza, I'm in Ibiza
Giuseppe Zanotti my own sneaker
Sexy, sexy that's all I do
If you need a bad bitch
Let me call a few
Pumps on and them little mini skirts is out
I see some good girls, I'mma turn 'em out
OK bottle, sip, bottle, guzzle
I'm a bad bitch, no muzzle, hey?
Bottle, sip, bottle, guzzle
I'm a bad bitch, no muzzle, let's go.
Music makes me high
Oh, oh, oh,
Come fill my glass up a little more
We 'bout to get up and burn this floor
You know we getting hotter and hotter
Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down
Pound the alarm! Pound the alarm!
I wanna do it for the night, night
So get me now, and knock this over
I wanna do it like you like, like
Come get me, baby, we're not getting younger
I just want you tonight, night
Baby, we won't do it for life, life
Music makes me high Oh, oh, oh,
Come fill my glass up a little more
We 'bout to get up and burn this floor
You know we getting hotter and hotter
Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down
Pound the alarm! Pound the alarm!
The alarm! The alarm! The alarm! The alarm! Oh, oh, oh,
Come fill my glass up a little more
We 'bout to get up, and burn this floor
You know we getting hotter, and hotter
Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down
Pound the alarm! Pound the alarm! Pound the alarm!




Hey, you, jump in this ride
It's real nice and slippery inside
Wise guy, come get this pie
Ri-ri-ri-ride it, ride it in style
Said it a minute ago, I did it a minute ago
I drop it, I pick it up slow, I want it, I'm kicking it though
'Cause they know that I got that good shit
Said I'm bad but I could be a good bitch
Squeeze my body, rock my body
Boy, you make me go
Na, na, na, na, na me go
Please my body, heal my body
Boy, you make me go
Na, na, na, na, na me go We gone
Hey stranger over there
I'm really liking the way
You whip it whip it
Yeah, I want you everyday
You're so right You're so tight
You got my world spinning You got my world spinning
My head goes round and around, round and around
Now I'm thinking
If we could be stranger. What you say?
I'm really liking the way
You whip it whip it whip it whip it whip it whip it
Na, na, na, na, na me go Na, na, na, na, na me go
Is that my cue?
I'm looking for some brain to boost my IQ
I'm like 5'2" My SAT scores was high, too
But I don't mean to brag I Louis-Vuitton-bagged 'em
Hopped out the jag proceeded to sha-shag 'em
Slim, trim, also light skin
So Peter put the pipe in
Squeeze my body, rock my body
Boy, you make me go
Na, na, na, na, na me go
Please my body, heal my body
Boy, you make me go
Na, na, na, na, na me go
We gone
Hey stranger over there
I'm really liking the way
You whip it whip it
Yeah, I want you everyday
You're so right You're so tight
You got my world spinning You got my world spinning
My head goes round and around, round and around
Now I'm thinking
If we could be stranger. What you say?
I'm really liking the way
You whip it whip it whip it whip it whip it whip it
Na, na, na, na, na me go Na, na, na, na, na me go




I can't control the way I'm moving my hips
Bet you never ever seen it like this
I'm a monster on the floor I can't quit
No no it's automatic, it's automatic
It's automatic I'm a runaway train
And it's likely that I tear up this place
When I go, I go hard
I'mma show you best how tonight
It's automatic my condition's unknown
There's no remedy, and no antidotes
It's just the way that I am
Nicki, Nicki, so bad tonight, night ah ah ah ah
I can't control the way I'm moving my hips
Bet you never ever seen it like this
I'm a monster on the floor I can't quit
No no it's automatic, it's automatic
Eh eh eh eh eh eh It's automatic
Eh eh eh eh eh eh It's automatic
It's automatic some might call it insane
I assure you I'd be stuck in your brain
You be falling for me boy
Yeah just like a domino tonight, night
It's automatic when I'm rockin the beats
Systematically I'm dropping your heat
It's just the way that I am
Nicki, Nicki, so bad tonight, night ah ah ah ah
I can't control the way I'm moving my hips
Bet you never ever seen it like this
I'm a monster on the floor I can't quit
No no it's automatic, it's automatic
Eh eh eh eh eh eh It's automatic
Eh eh eh eh eh eh It's automatic
Press rewind, press rewind
Einstein, I'm looking for that Einstein
Wales, London, Ireland, Scotland, I get idolized in South Africa and Brazil
Shut the club down, bring the bill
Bring the bill, bring the bill, bring the bill
Shut the club down, and bring the bill
I can't control the way I'm moving my hips
Bet you never ever seen it like this
I'm a monster on the floor I can't quit
No no it's automatic, it's automatic
Eh eh eh eh eh eh It's automatic
Eh eh eh eh eh eh It's automatic




South Africa is where I come from
Get me my banjo, get me my drum
Kidnap Korea and don't take ransom
Don't let me come out of my dungeon
Chu want me to leave then take it down
You see me come out of England at dawn
You say the pattern come from Kingston
Trinidad Trinidad, my island
I see you in here dancin'
Your preview is quite romantic
I envy your perfect kind of life
Who knew you'd be so sexy
I think you're quite fantastic
Screw your flaws
You're perfect in my eyes
And maybe I'm naïve for loving you
You're a cheat and a liar
But tonight you're everything I desire
You beautiful sinner
I love your wicked heart
Beautiful sinner
It's such a work of art
I didn't know that bad could love so good
You are the type of bad that feels so good
Beautiful sinner
I bet you're heart of stone
Living in your world alone
I hope you let me in tonight
They want me to beware
You're dangerous I don't care
I can't wait to have you in my arms
And maybe I'm naive for loving you
You're a cheat and a liar
But tonight you're everything I desire
You beautiful sinner
I love your wicked heart
Beautiful sinner
It's such a work of art
I didn't know that bad could love so good
You are the type of bad that feels so good
Beautiful sinner
Maybe you're the master of disguise and you are..
Putting on and you're really the saint, the good one.
Are you here to save me from the crowd?
If you are, then baby take me now
Beautiful sinner
I love your wicked heart
Beautiful sinner
It's such a work of art
I didn't know that bad could love so good
You are the type of bad that feels so good
Beautiful sinner






I can be selfish
Yeah, so impatient
Sometimes I feel like Marilyn Monroe
I'm insecure
Yeah, I make mistakes
Sometimes I feel like I'm at the end of the road
I can get low, I can get low
Don't know which way is up
Yeah, I can get high, I can get high
Like I could never come down
Call it a curse
Or just call me blessed
If you can't handle my worst
You ain't getting my best
Is this how Marilyn Monroe felt?
Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt 
It's like all the good things
They fall apart like…
Like Marilyn Monroe
Truth is we mess up
'Til we get it right
I don't wanna end up losing my soul
I can get low, I can get low
Don't know which way is up
Yeah, I can get high, I can get high
Like I could never come down
Call it a curse
Or just call me blessed
If you can't handle my worst
You ain't getting my best
Is this how Marilyn Monroe felt?
Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt 
Take me or leave me
I'll never be perfect
Believe me I'm worth it
So take me or leave me (So take me or leave me)
So take me or leave me (So take me or leave me)
Call it a curse or just call
Me blessed if you can't handle
My worst you ain't getting my best
Is this how Marilyn Monroe felt?
Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt
Is this how Marilyn Monroe felt?
Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt




I used to think that we'd run away
One lovely, pretty summer day
I remember when you would say
We'd be OK, come what may
I never knew you would lie to me
Take everything from inside of me
Your silhouette in the doorway
But before you walk away
Don't say goodbye, look in my eyes
So that I always will remember
Frozen in time, always be mine
Baby boy you'll be young forever
I'll be over here, you'll be over there
I'ma shed a tear but I really don't care
Frozen in time, always be mine
Baby boy you'll be young forever
I used to think that we'd reunite
I'd be your wife, in the real life
I thought that you'd come back for me
And you would take me away
I never knew only as a teen
You'd reappear, only in my dream
Your silhouette in the doorway
But before you walk away
Don't say goodbye, look in my eyes
So that I always will remember
Frozen in time, always be mine
Baby boy you'll be young forever
I'll be over here, you'll be over there
I'ma shed a tear but I really don't care
Frozen in time, always be mine
Baby boy you'll be young forever
This is my last cry
Is this the only way?
This is my own prison
I'm frozen in time, in time, in time
Don't say goodbye, look in my eyes
So that I always will remember
Frozen in time, always be mine
Baby boy you'll be young forever
I'll be over here, you'll be over there
I'ma shed a tear but I really don't care
Frozen in time, always be mine
Baby boy you'll be young forever
You'll always be mine, frozen in time
Young forever (young forever)






You should have left, the other day
You let me beg, for you to stay
This is a sickening joke that you play with my emotions
And so I pray you burn in hell and you never find the ocean
I hope your fire, fire burns baby I hope your fire, fire burns baby
I hope you lay down in your sleep and you choke on every lie you told
And when you're reaching out for me you'll see you reap everything you sow
You piece of shit, you broke me down
Thought you said you, would hold me down
But I can see it in your eyes that you're blinded by the flashing lights
And you's a stupid motherfucker for letting this thing pass you by
I hope your fire, fire burns baby I hope your fire, fire burns baby
I hope you lay down in your sleep and you choke on every lie you told
And when you're reaching out for me you'll see you reap everything you sow








My man, he say
'Nough girl a road a chase you lately
Me know, the truth
But that don't bother me
So tell them girl them, oh
And tell your friend them, ooh
My gun a go gun shot, in a them blood clot
Anywhere them which part, any way them go
So tell them girl they're YOLO, tell them girl say YOLO
My gun a go shot, in a them blood clot
Anywhere them which part, any way them go
So tell them girl them YOLO, make them girl them know
My man, he say
I'm crazy over you baby
No matter what
They can't get in between us
So tell them girl them, ooh
And tell your friend them, ooh
My gun a go gun shot, in a them blood clot
Anywhere them which part, any way them go
So tell them girl they're YOLO, tell them girl say YOLO
My gun a go shot, in a them blood clot
Anywhere them which part, any way them go
So tell them girl them YOLO, make them girl them know








I get it cracking like a bad back.
Bitch talking she the queen, when she looking like a lab rat
I'm Angelina, you Jennifer
Come on bitch, you see where Brad at
Ice my wrists and I piss on bitches
You can suck my diznick if you take these jizzes
You don't like them disses, give my ass some kisses
Yeah they know what this is, give bitches the business
'Cause I pull up and I'm stuntin' but I ain't a stuntman
Yes I'm rockin' Jordans but I ain't a jumpman
Bitches play the back 'cause they know I'm the frontman
Put me on a dollar 'cause I'm who they trust in
Ayo SB, what the fuck's good?
We ship platinum, them bitches are shipping wood
Them nappy headed hoes but my kitchen good
I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish a bitch would
You a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe 
You a stupid hoe, (yeah) you a, you a stupid hoe
You a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe (stupid, stupid)
You a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe (you stupid, stupid)
You a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe (you stupid, stupid)
You a stupid hoe, (yeah) you a, you a stupid hoe (you stupid, stupid)
Look Bubbles go back to your habitat
MJ gone and I ain't having that
How you gon' be the stunt double to the nigga monkey
Top of that I'm in the Phantom looking hella chunky
Ice my wrists and I piss on bitches
You can suck my diznick if you take these jizzes
You don't like them disses, give my ass some kisses
Yeah they know what this is, give bitches the business
'Cause I pull up in the Porsche but it ain't de Rossi
Pretty bitches only can get in my posse
Yes, my name is Roman, last name is Zolanski
But no relation to Roman Polanski
Hey yo, Baby Bop, fuck you and your EP
Who's gassin' this hoe? BP?
Hmm thinks, 1, 2, 3, to the Nicki Minaj blink
'Cause these hoes so busted
Hoes is so crusty, these bitches is my sons
And I don't want custody
Hoes so busted
Hoes is so crusty, these bitches is my sons
And I don't want custody
You a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe
You a stupid hoe, (yeah) you a, you a stupid hoe
You a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe (stupid, stupid)
You a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe (you stupid, stupid)
You a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe (you stupid, stupid)
You a stupid hoe, (yeah) you a, you a stupid hoe (you stupid, stupid)
If you cute then the crew can roll
If you sexy eat my cucka roll
Put ya cape on, you a super hoe
2012, I'm at the Super Bowl
Stupid hoes is my enemy
Stupid hoes is so wack
Stupid hoe shoulda befriended me
Then she coulda probably came back
Stupid hoes is my enemy
Stupid hoes is so wack
Stupid hoe shoulda befriended me
Then she coulda probably came back
You're a stupid hoe You're a stupid hoe You're a stupid hoe
And I ain't hit that note, But, fuck you stupid hoe Yeah, fuck you stupid hoe I said fuck a stupid hoe, Yeah, fuck a stupid hoe I said fuck a stupid hoe, Yeah, fuck a stupid hoe I said fuck a stupid hoe Yeah, fuck a stupid hoe
I am the female Weezy.




















Doctor, doctor, need you back home, baby
Doctor, doctor, where you at?
Give me something
I need your love I need your love I need your loving
You got that kind of medicine that keeps me comin'
My body needs a hero
Come and save me
Something tells me you know how to save me
I've been feeling weird
Oh! I need you to come and rescue me Oh
Make me come alive
Come on and turn me on
Touch me, save my life
Come on and turn me on
I'm too young to die
Come on and turn me on
Turn me on Turn me on Turn me on Turn me on
Make me come alive
Come on and turn me on
Touch me, save my life
Come on and turn me on
I'm too young to die
Come on and turn me on
Turn me on Turn me on Turn me on Turn me on
Oh, you make it, make it right
My temperature is super high
If I scream, if I cry
It's only 'cause I feel alive
My body needs a hero
Come and save me
Something tells me you know how to save me
I've been feeling weird
Oh! I need you to come and rescue me Oh
Make me come alive
Come on and turn me on
Touch me, save my life
Come on and turn me on
I'm too young to die
Come on and turn me on
Turn me on Turn me on Turn me on Turn me on
Make me come alive
Come on and turn me on Touch me, save my life
Come on and turn me on I'm too young to die
Come on and turn me on Turn me on
Turn me on Turn me on Turn me on
You've got my life in the palm of your hands (palm of your hands)
Come and save me now
I know you can, I know you can
don't let me die young, I just want you to father my young
I just want you to be my doctor, we can get it crackin' chiropractor
I,know you can save me And make me feel alive
Make me come alive Come on and turn me on
Touch me, save my life Come on and turn me on
I'm too young to die Come on and turn me on
Turn me on Turn me on Turn me on Turn me on








Just met a boy, just met a boy when
He could come inside of my playpen
'Cause he look like a superstar in the making
So I think that I'm going in for the taking
Hear through the grapevine that he caking
We could shoot a movie, he could do the taping
Boom, boom pow, this thing be shaking
I ain't even tryna find out who he dating
'Cause I know he got a wife at home)
But I need just one night alone)
If he keep playing them kidding games)
I'mma run away aye, I'mma run away aye aye)
I wanna give you one last option I wanna give you one last chance
If you're looking for the main attraction
Just hold on tight and let me do my dance
If you want it I'm gonna be va va voom, voom
If you got it, you got it
You got that boom, boom
If you want it, I'm gonna be va va voom, voom
If you got it, you got it
You got that boom, boom
Just met a boy, just met a boy when
He could become my little problem
'Cause he look like he modeling clothes in Dublin
So I think that he gettin' that Green like goblin
Hear through the grapevine that he hang low
We could shoot a movie, kabang, like Rambo
Boom, boom pow, this thing so bingo
Wondering if he could understand my lingo
'Cause I know he got a wife at home)
But I need just one night alone)
If he keep playing them kidding games)
I'mma run away aye, I'mma run away aye aye)
I wanna give you one last option I wanna give you one last chance
If you're looking for the main attraction
Just hold on tight and let me do my dance
If you want it I'm gonna be va va voom, voom
If you got it, you got it
You got that boom, boom
If you want it, I'm gonna be va va voom, voom
If you got it, you got it You got that boom, boom
Boy I'm in this club, slow mo
Don't mind if I do
And I can tell you're feeling me from the jump I wanna ride too
You got that hot shit, boy ya blessed
Let me feel up on your chest
Flex it, you the man
You the man 100 grand
This same poll, game goal
Yes I play it very well
Come baby lay down, let me stay down
Let me show you how I run take you to my playground
Come and get this va va voom, voom
I wanna give you one last option I wanna give you one last chance
If you're looking for the main attraction
Just hold on tight and let me do my dance
If you want it I'm gonna be va va voom, voom
If you got it, you got it You got that boom, boom
If you want it, I'm gonna be va va voom, voom
If you got it, you got it You got that boom, boom








Feel the beat at the drum
Move like you really wanna be number one
You could beat out the comp
Run like you really wanna be at the top
Stop, adrenaline rush cause
You have been identified as a hustler
Topic of discussion repeat it like a percussion
Chuck the deuce up, and tell 'em it's just love
Damn diggity dog
Let them bums stay mad cause we're living it up
Shelve tops is on
And I'm popping, like I'm popping
Like a popping some corn
And now, I don't wanna take you
If we fall down
Don't get upset, and now it's just the beginning
And we'll figure it out somehow
Right now masquerade, master the merry go round
Right now masquerade, master the merry go round
Right, now, it's something you can create
It's never ever too late
It's never ever too late
Right now Okay to make a mistake
Yeah baby this is your day
It's time to masquerade Bass bass
Feel the bass in your face
Hit the finish line First place in the race
Yes, king kong on your chest
Running and I'm coming up
Baton to your left
Yup, you could be who you want
You could be who you is
Never be who you aren't
Never ever fold under pressure
Desperate times, get desperate measure
Damn diggity dog
Let them bums stay mad cause we're living it up
Shelve tops is on
And I'm popping, like I'm popping
Like a popping some corn
And now, I don't wanna take you
If we fall down
Don't get upset, and now it's just the beginning
And we'll figure it out somehow
Right now masquerade, master the merry go round
Right now masquerade, master the merry go round
Right, now, it's something you can create
It's never ever too late
It's never ever too late
Right now
Okay to make a mistake
Yeah baby this is your day
It's time to masquerade
Imma call you afro cause you're never bald
Fuck all you bitches and I'll never call
Next day, suck my teste
I ain't playing games
Bitch but checkmate
Breaker 1 9 
All my party people let me see ya one time
Right now masquerade, master the merry go round
Right now masquerade, master the merry go round
Right, now, it's something you can create
It's never ever too late It's never ever too late
Right now Okay to make a mistake
Yeah baby this is your day
It's time to masquerade Right now






Yo, I had to reinvent, I put the V in vent
I put the heat in vents, man I been competin' since
I look beyond what people saying', and I see intent
Then I just sit back and decipher, what they really meant
Cherish these nights, cherish these people
Life is a movie, but there will never be a sequel
And I'm good with that, as long as I'm peaceful
As long as 7 years from now, I'm taking my daughter to preschool
Cherish these days, man do they go quick
Just yesterday, I swear it was 'o-six
Ten years ago, that's when you proposed
I looked down, "Yes, I suppose."
All things go, all things go All things go, all things go
I feel one minute, yeah, we got it then it's gone
While we keep waiting for a moment to live for
So can't nobody ever tell me that I'm wrong
Cause Imma ride out with you
Still the night is young
And we keep goin'
We go, we go, we go We wake back up and do it all again We know, we know
Say fuck the world, we ridin' 'til the end
When all is said and done, look what we've become
I just want you to know that I did it for you
I lost my little cousin to a senseless act of violence
His sister said, he wanted to stay with me, but I didn't invite him
Why didn't he ask, or am I just buggin'?
Cause since I got fame, they don't act the same
Even though they know, that I love 'em
Family ties, broken before me, niggas tryna kill him, he ain't even call me
And that's the reflection of me, yes, I get it, I get it was all me
I pop a pill and remember the look in his eyes, the last day he saw me
All things go, all things go All things go, all things go
I feel one minute, yeah, we got it then it's gone
While we keep waiting for a moment to live for
So can't nobody ever tell me that I'm wrong
Cause Imma ride out with you
Still the night is young We keep goin'
We go, we go, we go We wake back up and do it all again
We know, we know Say fuck the world, we ridin' 'til the end
When all is said and done, look what we've become
I just want you to know that I did it for you
Let me make this clear I'm not difficult, I'm just 'bout my business
I'm not into fake industry parties, and fake agendas
Rock with people for how they make me feel not what they give me
Even the ones that hurt me the most, I still show forgiveness
I love my mother more than life itself, and that's a fact
I'd give it all, if somehow, I could just rekindle that
She never understands, why I'm so overprotective
The more I work, the more I feel like, somehow they're neglected
I want 'Caiah to go to college, just to say "We did it!"
My child with Aaron, would've been sixteen, any minute
So in some ways I feel like 'Caiah, is the both of them
It's like he's 'Caiah's little angel, looking over him
And I know Jelani will always love me, and I'll always love him
And I'm just his little sister not Nicki Minaj when I'm around him
Gee, we did it, let's leave this imprint
Just finished writing, this is the Pinkprint
All things go, all things go All things go, all things go








Ooh ooh ooh  I lied, I lied, I lied
To keep you from breaking my heart
Even though I said I didn’t love you I lied I lied
Even though I said I didn’t need you I lied I lied
To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh
To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh
Even though I said don’t touch me I lied, I lied
I can’t fall for you, can’t give my all to you
Can’t let you think that Imma let the game stall for you
Gotta protect me you gotta sweat me
You said you thought you was ready and I said let’s see
But I ain’t mean that, I need some fucking proof
'Cause what happens if I fall in love then you cut me loose
You just a heartbreaker won’t let you break mine
'Cause I’ll be smashing windows and cutting them break lines
I lied 'Cause who knew that if I just let myself go with you
Who knows, who knows, so I lied
To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh
Even though I said fuck you, I lied, I lied
I thought eventually you would let me go
That was my insecurities and my ego
Missed my jump shot missed my free throw
Miss the way we kiss, miss the D yo
Man it was good while it lasted
That shit wasn’t real it was magic
If it was a record it would have been classic
But fuck you though, orgasmic
I guess this is what I gotta do to keep me from falling
Stalling the truth, who knew what you’d do if I let you in
My mama ain't raised no fool, I
I'm not your usual typical type
Who would protect me if I never hide?
Falling so fast I am afraid of you
So I lied, I lied, I lied
To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh
I lied, ooh baby, oh
'Cause who knew that if I just let myself go with you
(It's over now... Goodbye now...)
(You stay in my arms... Forever..






Here we go again, it's the game we love
Sheets all over the floor and they laced with drugs
You ain't play your cards right, you had the Ace of Clubs
Hit you with the Ace of Spades in your face, and shrugged
Blood dripping' out your arm on my Asian rugs
We was just planning a wedding, Caucasian doves
You was just telling' your mans, that you hate the clubs
Now we in the crying game, heart laced with slugs
Are you alone? Do you need someone?
Is it too late to talk? Did I wait too long?
Thousand words don't change a thing
Is it only three? Three words that you're missing?
Welcome to the crying game where you lose your soul
Where it ain't no E-Z Pass, you got to use the toll
Ain't no cruise control, you 'bout to lose control
Ain't no smilin' faces here, we slammin' doors and dishes
Saying we don't miss each other, but it's all fictitious
Saying' that we had enough, but enough of what?
Another slap to the face, another uppercut
I'm just abusive by nature, not cause I hate ya
Not cause I wanna get someone to imitate ya
I know it's hard, I know I intimidate ya
But is you staying' or going'?
I couldn't breathe and you ain't even know it
How come you never show it?
All this love you speak of
All I want is to love and be loved
(To love and be loved)
I'm losin' a thing I thought I'd win
And I'm coming undone
Cause the tears don't end


















Get on your knees, get on your knees, get on your knees
Baby, just get on your knees (on your knees!)
Say pretty please, say pretty please, say pretty please
Baby, just say pretty please (pretty please!)
I'll be back at 11, you just act like a peasant
Got a bow on my panties because my ass is a present
Yeah, it's gooder than Meagan, you look good when you're beggin'
I be laughing when you begging me to just put the head in
Let me sit on your face, it's OK, you can play with it
When I'm bouncing, it chill out, and don't you make a mistake with it
I appreciate the gifts like the whips and them bezels
Now it's bells and the whistles, now I'm makin' it sizzle
And it's ready, come and get it, it's takin' off like a missile
Let me see what you're workin' with, if I'm ridin', I'm murkin' it
Slow grindin', I'm twerkin' it, yeah, I bagged him, I Birkin's it
Get on your knees, get on your knees, get on your knees
Baby, just get on your knees (on your knees!)
Say pretty please, say pretty please, say pretty please
Baby, just say pretty please (pretty please!)
Gimme brain, assume the position
Make me way smarter like you was a magician
Paid my dues and tuition
It's good for your nutrition
Get head like a beautician,
Got me twitchin', finish your mission
You make it come down, you make it rundown
I'mma need you to give these other dudes the rundown
You got that legendary, this shit is fake, scary
Got me seeing' them fireworks, I'm on my Kate Perry
(Let's go) 'Cause we are just animals
Baby, it's primal (it's primal....)
I want you on all fours
(And before I let you walk, you gotta show me how you crawl)
If you want it all (yeah, you want it all?)
It's non negotiable
So do as I say
(If you wanna get the job, you better know who's the boss)
Get on your knees, get on your knees, get on your knees
Baby, just get on your knees (on your knees!)
Say pretty please, say pretty please, say pretty please
Baby, just say pretty please (pretty please!)












Feelin' myself, I'm feelin' myself I'm feelin' my, feelin' myself I'm feelin' myself, I'm feelin' my, feelin' my, feelin' myself I'm feelin' myself, I'm feelin' my, feelin' myself I'm feelin' myself, I'm feelin' my
I'm with some hood girls lookin' back at it
And a good girl in my tax bracket
Got a black card that let Saks have it
These Chanel bags is a bad habit
I-I do balls, Dal Mavericks, my Maybach, black matted
Bitch, never left but I'm back at it
And I'm feelin' myself, jack rabbit
Feelin' myself, back off,
'Cause I'm feelin' myself, jack off
He be thinking about me when he whacks off
Wax on? Wax off
N-national anthem hats off, then I curve that nigga, like a bad toss
Lemme get a number 2, with some Mac sauce
On The Run Tour, with my mask off
Kitty on fleek, pretty on fleek
Pre-pre-pretty gang, always keep them niggas on geek
Ridin' Ridin' through Texas, feed him for his breakfast
Every time I whip it, I be talking' so reckless
He said, "Damn, Nicki, it's tight, " I say, "Yeah, nigga, you right."
He said, "Damn, bae, you so little, but you be really taking' that pipe."
I said, "Yes, daddy, I do, gimme brain like NYU."
I said, "Teach me, nigga, teach me. All this learning' here is by you."
Cookin' up the base, lookin' like a kilo
He just wanna taste, biggin' up my ego
Ego, ego, ego, ego, ego, ego, ego, ego
Ridin' through Texas (Ridin' through Texas, Ridin' through Texas),
Smoke it all off, talkin' bout that high-grade,
Baby, hold up
I can kill your migraine
(Migraine, migraine, migraine, migraine, migraine, migraine, migraine, migraine)
(Ridin' through Texas, Ridin', Ridin' through Texas)
Bitches ain't got punchlines or flow
I have both and an empire also
Keep getting' gifts from Santa Claus at the North Pole
Today I'm icy, but I'm prayin' for some more snow
Let that ho ho, let that ho know (he in love) he in love with that coco
Why these bitches don't never be learning'
You bitches will never get what I be earning'
I'm still gettin' plaques, from my records that's urban
Ain't gotta rely on top 40
I am a rap legend, just go ask the kings of rap
Who is the queen and things of that
Nature, look at my finger, that is a glacier, hits like a laser
Drippin' on that work, trippin' off that perc
Flippin' up my skirt and I be whippin' all that work
Takin' trips with all them ki's, car keys got b's
Stingin' with the Queen Bey and we be whippin' all of that D
'Cause we dope girls we flawless, we the poster girls for all this
We run around with them ballers, only real niggas in my call list
I'm the big kahuna, go let them whores know
Just on this song alone, bitch is on her fourth flow
Rrrrrrrrrr! You like it don't you? Snitches! Young money






Yo, I never fucked Wayne, I never fucked Drake
On my life, man, fuck's sake
If I did I'd Minaj wid' him and let 'em eat my ass like a cupcake
My man full, he just ate, I don't duck nobody but tape
Yea, that was a setup for a punchline on duct tape
Worried 'bout if my butt fake
Worry 'bout ya'll niggas, us straight
These girls are my sons, Jon and Kate plus eight
When I walk in, sit up straight, I don't give a fuck if I was late
Dinner with my man on a G5 is my idea of a up-date
Hut hut one, hut hut two, big titties, big butt too
Fuck with them real niggas who don't tell niggas what they up to
Had to show bitches where the top is, ring finger where the rock is
Dez hoes couldn't test me even if they name was pop quiz
Bad bitches who I fuck with', mad bitches we don't fuck with'
I don't fuck with' them chickens unless they last name is cut let
Let it soak in like seasoning
And tell them bitches, blow me, Lance Stephenson








Want some more, want some more
Even though a nigga been getting to it, want-want-want some more
(Still want some more) Want some more, want some more
Every time I end up getting it, want-want-want-want some more
When they start talking crazy, that's when I know that they want some more
I know that I'm getting it, but fuck it, 'cause I want some more
When they start talking crazy that's when I know that they want some more
Every time I end up getting it, want-want-want-want some more
I'm in this bitch, I'm getting money
One minute they hate me, then they love me
Ain't got nothing for me, these dudes is funny
That's why I'm throwing shade, like it's sunny
Who had Eminem on the first album?
Who had Kanye saying, "She a problem"?
Who the fuck came in the game, made her own column?Who made Lil Wayne give 'em five million?
Why the fuck I gotta say it, though? You niggas don't know it yet?
Football touchdown on the Boeing jet
You my son, but I'm just not showing yet
Wrist icy, but it ain't snowing yet
You can tell I'm the illest, cause my dividend is the biggest
Bitches ain't sitting with us, all my niggas in Margielas
Is pigs flying? Is these bitches trying me?
They think it's sweet? Oh, these bitches got diabetes
You seen that list? It was me, Baby, Jay-Z, and Diddy
Want some more, want some more
Even though a nigga been getting to it, want-want-want some more
(Still want some more) Want some more, want some more
Every time I end up getting it, want-want-want-want some more
When they start talking crazy, that's when I know that they want some more
I know that I'm getting it, but fuck it, 'cause I want some more
When they start talking crazy that's when I know that they want some more
Every time I end up getting it, want-want-want-want some more
Yo, yo, I'm in this bitch, I'm high-society
I popped a Perc and I said, "Thank you"
I'm poppin tags everyday, it look like my b-day
These bitches suck, so I nickname these bitches "BJ"
They want that union, they want that D-Wade
I tell a ho, just be happy they getting leeway
My name Barbie, bitch - my name Barbie, bitch
Alexander made me Queen, I'm pulling up with the King, I'm late to my own party, bitch
Want it, I get it, I don't be wanting for nothing
I mean, I do what I do and it must be counting for something
I don't be jumping from topic to topic, stay in my pocket
I got your rent in my pocket, so can I pay you to pop it?
Cash Money, getting six albums,no bitch niggas on a bitch album
You niggas apologize when a nigga diss you? That's a big problem
Want some more, want some more
Even though a nigga been getting to it, want-want-want some more
(Still want some more) Want some more, want some more
Every time I end up getting it, want-want-want-want some more
When they start talking crazy, that's when I know that they want some more
I know that I'm getting it, but fuck it, 'cause I want some more
When they start talking crazy that's when I know that they want some more
Every time I end up getting it, want-want-want-want some more


















Plenty more for you, boy
We in the funky four door, no floor
Hit me on the celly, watching Belly
God's son, I can see they study Makaveli
Peanut butter Benz, got them jelly at the deli
If you feeling like a ninja, I got a machete
Hell yeah, them girls bad, but I'm fucking heavy
I'mma fuck around and have them looking like spaghetti
I say some shit, he be like, "Yo, you so legendary"
But he can tell just by my face he ain't getting any
Plenty more for you, boy
We in the funky four door, no floor
He was serving that raw, oh boy
She was making that noise, oh boy
Plenty more for you, boy
We in the funky four door, no floor
He was serving that raw, oh boy
She was making that noise, oh boy
Meet me at the Rucker, take the Bruckner
It's just me and Young Yucka, taking suckers
For they money and they whips, putting kitten on lips
Dividing them dividends, get the money and dip
Keys to the nigga's safe, put it under my tits
He got ki's of that raw, it could fit in the six
Got a UPS connect, so we good on them trips
Automatic bottle service so we good in them VIPs, nigga
Plenty more for you, boy
We in the funky four door, no floor
He was serving that raw, oh boy
She was making that noise, oh boy
Plenty more for you, boy
We in the funky four door, no floor
He was serving that raw, oh boy
She was making that noise, oh boy
These civilians, what up nigga? Excuse my millions
I'm in the V like a widow's peak
It's just me and my Rolls Royce pillow seats
Why they staring at me? I brung MacLaren with me
Yo, matter of fact, I think I'mma bring Donna Karan with me
And you my son, I don't know, it's just the parent in me
I am the best, I am the queen, it's so apparent in me
I'm in Hollywood with Shia Labeouf (shy-and-the-buff)
Most of you rappers ain't eating, that diet is rough
You want some hot shit? Send that wire to us
I make them change their name to Diddy, retire the puff
I'm getting acting money
You niggas is Kevin Hart, y'all be acting funny
I'mma a keep a linebacker, tell 'em tackle for me
Yo, you seen my last pic, go double-tap that for me
Cock back, Red octagon, stop that
Plenty more for you, boy
We in the funky four door, no floor
He was serving that raw, oh boy
She was making that noise, oh boy
Plenty more for you, boy
We in the funky four door, no floor
He was serving that raw, oh boy
She was making that noise, oh boy






I don't want no drama
I just wanna be your diamond, babe
Guaranteed to be a problem
Every time I get around you, babe
I just want you to need me
You might really wanna try me, babe
All I know I want a rider All I know I want a rider, babe You know that you need a rider You know that you need a rider, babe
You know that you need a rider You know that you need a rider, babe, ah yeah...
Yo, I just wanna be ya rider
You should pull up in that Spyder
You should let me hit the mic
And I ain't talking about the fighter
Get it lit without a lighter
Let's pull an all-nighter
Tell me-tell me what you need, got the weed
I'm a bad little bitch and I never indict her
Get locked, I'mma write ya
You on the road? I'mma Skype ya
I don't wanna hype ya
But you a lucky nigga if my mean ass like ya
You ain't never have a bitch understand you
Most of them wanna use you when they ran through
I just wanna be somebody, that can add to
Your wife, be a friend, be a teacher and a fan too
I just wanna listen
When you leave I say, "Damn, I fucking miss him."
I just wanna be your vixen
Give you something real wet, to put your lips in
I wanna be the only one that can check you, and still respect you
Cause it's you I would change for, you always make sure
I just wanna be your favorite I just wanna be your favorite
I just wanna be your favorite I just wanna be your favorite
Won't you let me be your favorite? Ayo, I just wanna be your first go to
Do you like a real one supposed to, livin' bi-coastal
Scoop me in the truck, late night on a humble
Meet me out in Queens, where the city want a sundown
You could put your gun down, you could have fun now
You could tell your niggas that you won now, one down
Run through the clubs with the baddest
Bitches is the maddest, nothing' else matters
And they say Birkin where the bag is
Got a lot of bags, but we never got baggage
Winter Wonderland on my hands, call me Alice, balance
I'mma have you coming in my palace
London, Tokyo, Paris, let me update your status
Cause it's you I would change for, you always make sure
I just wanna be your favorite I just wanna be your favorite I just wanna be your favorite I just wanna be your favorite Won't you let me be your favorite?
You should already know You should already know
You should already know You should already know
(You know that you need a rider You know that you need a rider, babe
You know that you need a rider You know that you need a rider, babe, ayy
I just wanna be your favorite I just wanna be your favorite)
You should already know, you should already know
(I just wanna be your favorite) You should already know, you should already know
(I just wanna be your favorite) (Won't you let me be your favorite?)
(Won't you let me be your favorite?)










Anybody wanna buy a heart? Anybody wanna buy a heart?
Anybody wanna buy a heart? Cause I don't use the shit anyway
But okay, I guess it's my fault Westside shorty, with an eastside nigga
They say it's levels to this shit, I'm a G5 nigga
And every city I be in, you know she fly with us
It's like Hov got Bey, it's like Bey got Jigga
Really though let me take y'all back
'09, double R drop top with the top down
Pulled up, double parked, hopped out, tried to spit my game
It didn't work, got shot down
But I can tell by the bag, by the wrist and the ring on that
Somebody had it on lockdown
The moral of the story not to speak on that
She on the team, shorty mine now
And we don't ever ever ever make love
And we don't ever ever ever say "love"
Unless I'm all up in it, she tellin' me she love that D on that, I don't ever say uh
Bad bitch, ain't nothin' made up
Anybody, anybody, anybody wanna buy
The heart from a real one from Philly reppin' that north side?
Anybody? Anybody? Anybody, anybody, anybody wanna buy a heart?
Anybody, anybody, anybody wanna buy love? Anybody, anybody, anybody wanna buy a heart? Anybody, anybody, anybody wanna buy trust
Anybody, anybody, anybody wanna buy a heart? Anybody, anybody, anybody wanna buy love? Anybody, anybody, anybody wanna buy? Anybody, anybody, anybody wanna buy love?
Rahmeek, I'mma have to tell the truth if I speak
Unless you want to play, you ain't say this the other day
You said you was in love, and I still didn't budge
Cause I already seen how you be going in when you be in them clubs
(I'm not even sure if this is right but, it feels good)
I could tell you was analyzing me, I could tell you was criticizing me
I could tell you was fantasizing that you would come slide in me and confide in me
He could tell that I was wifey material
He was liking my style in my videos
I wasn't looking for love I was looking for a buzz
So at times I would lie and say I'm busy, yo
Cause it's too much, and it's too clutch
Who wants rumors of the two of us
But when you're away, I can't get you out of my mind
But what if I'm not the one and you're wasting your time? But you waited
Its a heart for sale, who's buying?
I don't care who's crying
Its trust for sale, who's buying?
I don't care who's lying
Yo, he in love with a ghetto girl
He said he want a piece like Metta World
Pat, pat on the kitty cat
He don't mess with them...regulars
He tryna kick it like a ninja
He tryna stick it like syringes
He don't ever play the benches
So I'mma let him touch it if he playing' with some inches
I know that you want it
I see that you watching
You love when I wine it
You know that I'm sexy
I hope that you ready
To come here and get it
Where di hot gyal dem
Put it in his face like a cop badge
He wanna pound it like a hashtag
He gonna have to get the wash rag
If he shoot it up, I'm gonna bust back
Them island girls is the baddest (mm)
American girls run the planet (mm)
South African, European, Asian, Australian
And my Canadian Girls
I know that you want it I see that you watching
You love when I wine it You know that I'm sexy
I hope that you ready To come here and get it Where di hot gyal dem
All the bad boys try to push up on me (Hey)
He want a bad girl to come and spend his money (Hey)
He say it taste good, just like honey (Hey)
He in love with a girl from the islands
And how the miniskirt flow
I know that you want it
I see that you watching
You love when I wine it
You know that I'm sexy
I hope that you ready
To come here and get it
Where di hot gyal dem










My Anaconda don't… My Anaconda don't… My Anaconda don't want none unless you got buns hun
Boy toy named Troy used to live in Detroit
Big dope dealer money, he was getting some coins
Was in shootouts with the law, but he live in a palace
Bought me Alexander McQueen, he was keeping me stylish
Now that's real, real, real,
Gun in my purse, bitch I came dressed to kill
Who wanna go first? I had 'em pushing daffodils
I'm high as hell, I only took a half a pill
I'm on some dumb shit
By the way, what he say?
He can tell I ain't missing no meals
Come through and fuck him in my automobile
Let him eat it with his grills,
He keep telling me to chill
He keep telling me it's real, that he love my sex appeal
He said he don't like 'em boney, he want something he can grab
So I pulled up in the Jag, and I hit him with the jab like...
My Anaconda don't...My Anaconda don't...My Anaconda don't want none unless you got buns hun
Oh my gosh, look at her butt Oh my gosh, look at her butt Oh my gosh, look at her butt
(look at her butt) Look at, look at, look at Look, at her butt
This dude named Michael used to ride motorcycles
Dick bigger than a tower, I ain't talking about Eiffel's
Real country-ass nigga, let me play with his rifle
Pussy put his ass to sleep, now he calling me NyQuil
Now that bang bang bang,
I let him hit it 'cause he slang Cocaine
He toss my salad like his name Romaine
And when we done, I make him buy me Balmain
I'm on some dumb shit
By the way, what he say?
He can tell I ain't missing no meals
Come through and fuck him in my automobile
Let him eat it with his grills,
He keep telling me to chill
He keep telling me it's real, that he love my sex appeal
Because he don't like 'em boney, he want something he can grab
So I pulled up in the Jag, Mayweather with the jab like...
My Anaconda don't...My Anaconda don't...My Anaconda don't want none unless you got buns hun
Oh my gosh, look at her butt Oh my gosh, look at her butt Oh my gosh, look at her butt
(look at her butt) Look at, look at, look at Look, at her butt
Little in the middle but she got much back Little in the middle but she got much back
Little in the middle but she got much back Oh my God (look at her butt)
My Anaconda don't...My Anaconda don't...My Anaconda don't want none unless you got buns hun (Don't don't don't) My Anaconda don't... (Don't don't don't) Don't want none unless you got buns hun
Oh my gosh, look at her butt Oh my gosh, look at her butt
Oh my gosh, look at her butt Oh my God (look at her butt)
Look at, look at, look at Look, at her butt
Yeah, he love this fat ass
Yeah! This one is for my bitches with a fat ass in the fucking club
I said, "Where my fat ass big bitches in the club?"
Fuck the skinny bitches,
Fuck the skinny bitches in the club
I wanna see all the big fat ass bitches in the motherfucking club
Fuck you if you skinny bitches. What? Yeah. Ha-ha, ha... (Kyuh)
Yeah. I got a big fat ass. Come on! (Kyuh)
Hey Hey Hey








Yo, ayo tonight is the night that I'ma get twisted
Myx Moscato and vodka, I'ma mix it
Roll that spaceship, we about to get lifted
Live in the present, that gift is for the gifted
This what you came, this what you came for
You get what you buy, this what you paid for
So make sure the stars is what you aim for
Make mistakes though
I never worry, life is a journey
I just wanna enjoy the ride
What is the hurry? It's pretty early
It's ok, we'll take our time
The night is still young The night is still young The night is still young
And so are we The night is still young (How dare we sit quietly)
The night is still young (And watch the world pass us by)
The night is still young (How dare we sit quietly) So are we
Ayo, drinks on you or the drinks is on me
We ain't going nowhere like tanks is on E
We still getting money, what bank it's gonna be?
If he's sexy, he planking' on me
So where them big boys with all of that?
Hey! Tell the bartender, say my order back
Hey! It's bottle service, he ordered that
Hey! Might let him take it home and slaughter that
He got friends for all of my friends
They ain't leavin' til we say when
And we gonna hangover the next day
But we will remember this day
So drop the pop and get low
Or we can drop the top and just cruise
We fresh to death, down to the shoes
My only motto in life is don't lose
I never worry, life is a journey
I just wanna enjoy the ride
What is the hurry? It's pretty early
It's ok, we'll take our time
The night is still young The night is still young
The night is still young And so are we
The night is still young (How dare we sit quietly)
The night is still young (And watch the world pass us by)
The night is still young (How dare we sit quietly) So are we
We're just getting' started, yeah, yeah We're just getting' started, yeah, yeah
Can't you see the night's still early And we gon' get it wild and crazy
We're just getting' started, yeah, yeah We're just getting' started, yeah, yeah
Can't you see the night's still early And we gon' get it wild and crazy
The night is still young The night is still young The night is still young And so are we
The night is still young (How dare we sit quietly)
The night is still young (And watch the world pass us by)
The night is still young (How dare we sit quietly) So are we
(How dare we sit quietly) (And watch the world pass us by)
(How dare we sit quietly) (And watch the world pass us by)


















Pills and potions
We're overdosing
I'm angry but I still love you
Pills and potions
We're overdosing
Can't stand it but I still love you
I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still lo-o-ove, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love
I still lo-o-ove, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love
Ayo they could never make me hate you
Even though what you was doing wasn't tasteful
Even though you out here looking so ungrateful
I'mma keep it moving, be classy and graceful
I told 'em it's no friends in the game
You ain't learned that yet
All the bridges you came over, don't burn that yet
Niggas want respect, but niggas ain't earned that yet
Self-righteous, and entitled
But they swearing on the Bible that they love you
When really they're no different from all your rivals
But I still don't wish death on 'em, I just reflect on 'em
Pills and potions
We're overdosing
I'm angry but I still love you
Pills and potions
We're overdosing
Can't stand it but I still love you
I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still lo-o-ove, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still lo-o-ove, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love
Yo, people will love you and support you when it's beneficial
I'mma forgive, I won't forget, but I'mma dead the issue
Soon as you out the niggas lives is when they start to miss you
They see you doing good now it's kinda hard to diss you
Niggas be sick when they remember all the bad they wished you
Niggas be mad when they can't come and live lavish with you
But I sped off in the Benzy, I see the envy when I'm causing a frenzy
So I pop pills for 'em, cop cribs in the hills on 'em
Pills and potions
We're overdosing
I'm angry but I still love you
Pills and potions
We're overdosing
Can't stand it but I still love you
I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still lo-o-ove, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still lo-o-ove, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love
I get high off your memory I get high off your memory I get high off your memory In due time, we'll be fine In due time...
I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still lo-o-ove, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love I still lo-o-ove, I still love I still love, I still love I still love, I still love






Do you ever think of me when you lie
Lie down in your bed, your bed of lies?
And I knew better than to look in your eyes
They only pretend you would be mine
And oh how you made me believe
You had me caught in every web that you weaved
But do you ever think of me when you lie
Lie down in your bed, your bed of lies?
You could never make eye contact
Everything you got was based off of my contacts
You a fraud, but I'm 'a remain icon-stat
Balenciaga's on my boots with the python strap
You was caught up in the rush, and you was caught up in the thrill of it
You was with me way before I hit a quarter mil' in it
Put you in the crib and you ain't never pay a bill in it
I was killin' it, man you got me poppin' pills in it
I told baby hit you, I said this nigga buggin'
'Cause I was doing it for us, I told 'em fuck the public
Couldn't believe that I was home alone contemplating
Overdosin', no more coastin', no more toastin' over oceans
They say you don't know what you got 'til it's gone
They say that your darkest hour come before your dawn
But there was something that I should've asked all along
I'm 'a ask on the song
I just figured if you saw me, if you looked in my eyes
You'd remember our connection and be freed from the lies
I just figured I was something that you couldn't replace
But there was just a blank stare and I couldn't relate
I just couldn't understand and I couldn't defend
What we had, what we shared, and I couldn't pretend
When the tears roll down it's like you ain't even notice em
If you had a heart, I was hoping that you would show it some
What the fuck you really telling me, what you telling me
I could tell you lying, get the fuck out, don't yell at me
I ain't mean to cut you, I ain't wanna catch a felony
This ain't How To Be A Player, you ain't Bill Bellamy
They say you don't know what you got 'til it's gone
They say that your darkest hour come before your dawn
But there was something that I should've asked all along
I'm 'a ask on the song






Am I just a fool?
Blind and stupid for loving you
Am I just a silly girl?
So young and naïve to think you were the one who came to take claim of this heart
Cold-hearted, shame you'll remain just a frame in the dark (And now the people)
The people are talking, the people are saying
That you have been playing my heart like a grand piano
The people are talking, the people are saying
That you have been playing my heart like a grand piano
So play on, play on, play on Play on, play on, play on Play on, play on, play on Play on, play on
Am I queen of fools?
Wrapped up in lies and foolish jewels
What do I see in you?
Maybe I'm addicted to all the things you do
'Cause I keep thinking you were the one who came to take claim of this heart
Cold-hearted, shame you'll remain just a frame in the dark
The people are talking, the people are saying
That you have been playing my heart like a grand piano
The people are talking, the people are saying
That you have been playing my heart like a grand piano
So play on, play on, play on Play on, play on, play on Play on, play on, play on Play on, play on












You hear that right there?
That sound like, but that 300 thousand
I'm triple OG in my hood
These hoes call me big daddy
Pulled up in something that look like a million, nigga put me up on
Ain't gotta sell it, but he say the pussy a drug that he re-up on
Spur of the moment I ball like Ginobli you bitches get D'ed up on
You mad at me go get mad at your nigga 'fore I put my sneakers on
He cop me this wrist game, now it's just us at the Knicks game
I might have to take him on tour just to fuck in Australia, Brisbane
Your time is ticking you bitches will be around shorter than Vine vids
You watch your mouth or my niggas will shoot up the club like what Shyne did
Bitches ain't stupid, you bitches ain't stupid
You bitches ain't stupid, is you?
Front like she tough but that bitch keep on crying
Get this bitch a tissue
For what it's worth when I took him I could tell he would never miss you
I ain't even wanna diss you, but tell me what is this bitch issue?
Still on top, pretty pretty bitch gang
Pussy pussy still tight, pistol pistol still bang
Yo nigga call me big mama
Let him eat the pussy then I dip on him








On a real nigga, I'm a real nigga
I run around with them real niggas
Got real sons, I need a real sitter
When I leave niggas, they get real bitter
On a real nigga, I'm a real nigga
I run around with them real niggas
Roll upon ya, roll upon ya Roll upon ya, roll upon ya
Eight mil on that new thing, tied up like my shoe string
Ain't fucking with you bitch niggas, and that's real rap but I do sing
Make room when I come by, ain't speaking, I'm dumb high
Just heard niggas got jokes, it's a matter of time before one dies
'Cause them dudes out and them tools out, all sixes like school's out
Niggas know if they talk slick that I'm winter fresh, they'll get chewed out
'Cause them dudes out and them tools out, all sixes like school's out
Niggas know if they talk slick that I'm winter fresh, they'll get chewed out
This shit ain't regular rich, so they end up in a ditch
I'm not a regular bitch, so when niggas see me, they jump on my dick
He not a regular shooter, so when you see me, salute-a
Ain't got a knife in my hand, but I'm choppin' it up with some niggas from Cuba
On a real nigga, I'm a real nigga
I run around with them real niggas
Got real sons, I need a real sitter
When I leave niggas, they get real bitter
On a real nigga, I'm a real nigga
I run around with them real niggas
Roll upon ya, roll upon ya Roll upon ya, roll upon ya
Ask Jay who he married, 80 thousand in Paris
Stadiums with Queen B and that selfie got them aggy
These bitches is light-weight, I'm always at fight-weight
Wrist game is on ice skate, 'cause we move work through that Tri-State
'Cause them boys out, and them toys out, still banging that noise out
You could get it in the winter time or that Mayweather like Floyd's out
'Cause them boys out, and them toys out, still banging that noise out
You could get it in the winter time or that Mayweather like Floyd's out
All of these bitches in pocket, I'm 'bout to make a deposit
Tell 'em to go 'head and gossip, as long as your house is the size of my closet
Anybody I call, they picks up, even if they was gettin' they dick sucked
These niggas don't make a mix-up, tell 'em niggas go step they bricks up
Tell 'em niggas go step they bricks up (tell 'em niggas go step they bricks up)
On a real nigga, I'm a real nigga
I run around with them real niggas
Got real sons, I need a real sitter
When I leave niggas, they get real bitter
On a real nigga, I'm a real nigga
I run around with them real niggas
Roll upon ya, roll upon ya Roll upon ya, roll upon ya
When we bang, bye Pop pills, now we Shanghai
When we bang, bye Pop pills, now we Shanghai
When we bang, bye Pop pills, now we ShanghaiShanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai
When we bang, bye Pop pills, now we Shanghai When we bang, bye Pop pills, now we Shanghai






I came out looking to party, and now I'm owning that building
You bitches can't get my spot until I start raising some children
These bitches all in they feelings, can't fuck with Nicki they know it
They know that Nicki a poet, pop me a bottle of Moët
They said I couldn't, but I did it though
Tell 'em I still got that hourglass figure though
Can't stop me, don't watch me, you better just watch your nigga ho
I'm in that big boy, I am in beast mode
respect the G-code
Bitches ain't got drive, these bitches will get repo'd
I am a monster, this is ambition
This the type of car that you keep a bad bitch in
Not that I don't got good vision, but I don't see competition
They want me to come and help them but I am not a magician
I'm on them fo-fours I'm tipping, you better move out my way
I am not here to play, Pinkprint can't be delayed
'Cause I win again, 'cause I win again, and I win again, and I win again,
And I win again, and I win again, and I win again, yeah I win again
Can't tell me nothing about it, your opinion is invalid
Go against me, then you made a mistake
Yo, yo, 'cause I came out, '09 when promoters brought Wayne out
Lewinsky, like I couldn't get the stain out
I been bad, like cutting school, and staying out
I been hotter than vacationing, and laying out
I sat back, and watched how it was playing out
They diss me, but running and took the same route
Uh, but no, they not Nicki, wrist on ice and yes my wrist bricky
If I leave, the game will miss Nicki, not a website but get, money, this is 50
Pop bottles with my bitches and get pissy
This shit ain't got no more integrity
Don't write they raps, and plus they flow shitty
Don't make me expose you bitch, I'm too busy
Hopped on the Bridge-y, New York City Nicki still the queen, niggas all ready
(Hopped on the Bridge-y, New York City Nicki Still the queen, Niggas all ready)
Soon as I came in I told them that I would become the greatest
Muhammad Ali of these bitches, and that can't be debated
I never chicken'd out skated, I know they mad that I made
All this money I made, all my bitches is laced
'Cause I win again, 'cause I win again, and I win again, and I win again,
And I win again, and I win again, and I win again, yeah I win again
Can't tell me nothing about it, your opinion is invalid Go against me, then you made a mistake
So good, so real, so good, yeah Imma win again, I'mma win again
I'm Meryl Streep to all these bitches, they can't do what I do
Sometimes I just look in the mirror and I be like, "Why you?"
Yeah, I know that they mad, but I'mma shit on my critics some more
I am...I am...
I am still gonna do, what he sent me to do That's kill, kill, everything in, everything in my way, That's kill, kill, everything in, everything in my way, That's kill, kill, everything in, everything in my way They know I am a champion, all champions do, it's all champions do










Uh, thinking' out loud
I must have a quarter million on me right now
Hard to make a song 'bout something' other than the money
Two things I'm about is talking' blunt and staying blunted
Pretty women, are you here? Are you here right now, huh?
We should all disappear right now
Look, you're gettin' all your friends and you're gettin' in the car
And you're comin' to the house, are we clear right now, huh?
You see the fleet of all the new things
Cop cars with the loose change
All white like I move things
Niggas see me rollin' and they mood change
Like a motherfucker
New flow, I got a dozen of 'em
I don't trust you, you are undercover
I could probably make some step-sisters fuck each other
Whoop! Talkin' filets with the truffle butter
Fresh sheets and towels, man she gotta love it
Yeah, they all get what they desire from it
What, tell them niggas we ain't hidin' from it
Yo, thinking' out loud
I must have about a milli on me right now
And I ain't talkin' about that Lil Wayne record
I'm still the highest selling' female rapper, for the record
Man, this is 65 million singles sold
I ain't gotta compete with a single soul
I'm good with the ball, point game, finger roll
Ask me how to do it, I don't tell a single soul
Pretty women, wassup? Is ya here right now?
You a stand-up or is you in your chair, right now?
Uhh, do ya hear me?
I can't let a wack nigga get near me
I might kiss the baddest bitch, if you dare me
I ain't never need a man to take care of me
Yo, I'm in that big boy bitches can't rent this
I floss everyday, but I ain't a dentist
Your whole style and approach I invented
And I ain't takin' that back, cause I meant it






You make me, you make me, ooh You make me
If you look at my If you look at my love
You'll see You'll see, I ain't worried about a he See
I ain't worried about a he I ain't worried about a he
I ain't never taking niggas, ain't worry bout me
If you look at my If you look at my love
I ain't worried about a he
And he ain't worried bout me
Live of my love Cause he ain't worried about me
Live of my love, me I ain't never taking niggas, ain't worry bout me
You make me feel blue You make me feel super
You make me feel super Look at me 
Me He ain't worried about me
And I'll pick up that lease
He ain't worried about me See
If it's you and me then it's you and me
Baby we don't worry about keys
You make me Make me feel stuck
You don't give two fucks
He ain't worried bout me he just trying to bust nuts
Times up All that bullshit lines up
All that talkin bout boy what you gonna do
Boy get ya mind up
If you look at my If you look at my love You'll see
You'll see, I ain't worried about a he See
I ain't worried about a he I ain't worried about a he
I ain't never taking niggas, ain't worry bout me
If you look at my If you look at my love
I ain't worried about a he
And he ain't worried bout me
Live of my love Cause he ain't worried about me
Live of my love, me I ain't never taking niggas, ain't worry bout me
I don't wanna fight but, I'll fuck around and shoot you
I don't wanna fight but, you gave me no more trust
I will fuck around and end your life
If you look at my If you look at my love
You'll see You'll see, I ain't worried about a he See
I ain't worried about a he I ain't worried about a he
I ain't never taking niggas, ain't worry bout me
If you look at my If you look at my love
I ain't worried about a he
And he ain't worried bout me
Live of my love Cause he ain't worried about me
Live of my love, me I ain't never taking niggas, ain't worry bout me








Put you in a room You ain't gotta leave You ain't gotta leave But you can't sleep with me
Every time I come to fuck with you
You make up all the rules You ought to do it
Just because our car's moving
Are you in my fucking corner for real?
Oh, are you plotting to kill?
I tell you just how I feel
But you never hear
Oh, why you take it like that?
Now you wanna leave and never come back
I don't control you, I ain't never say that
Can't give up on you, baby, we go way back
Every time I try to fuck with you
Nothing ain't ever enough for you
And I had all this hope for you
But all you do is open wounds
I could be fucking with them other niggas
I know you ain't them other niggas
I don't fuck with a lot of bitches
Just my real bitches
Why you keep talking about it, you keep talking and you gon' get me pissed off
Motherfuckers who be wanting that bitch to go crazy if she could cut her wrist off
I ain't gonna lie, no I ain't gonna lie like it was just his fault
But I know if a nigga lose me, then nigga, Oo-ee, that's his loss, young nigga






















Hello Hello, hello, hello, hello
See, I'm all about my wamables See, I'm all about my wamables
(hello, hello, hello, hello)
I'm all about my wamables, niggas ain't bangable
I'm all about my wamables, these bitches is flammable
Bad bitches in the colleges, bust it open for me, gynecologist
But watch all your mileages, pussy miles go up if you’re talented
I'm all about pool life, thong in my ass, make that nigga drool like
I'm all about good sex, fake niggas gotta pay, gotta book sex
Real niggas get the pussy off GP, real niggas get a feature on my EP
What the fuck you smiling for? And what they put you on the panel for?
Where you gettin' money from?
Ayo Twist, where you get that Bentley from?
Clap, clap, clap, make it go around like a lap
Now put it in my lap, let me see your crack, like the trap
I like percocets, I like to keep 'em hidden in my Birkin bag
Ass so fat, damn Imma hurt 'em bad
It's showtime bitch, tell me break a leg
Couple Bushwick niggas, that'll break your leg
Push you off the balcony, and don't break a ledge
Put your hand up, now it's time to make a pledge
You'll never catch me, in a lightskin nigga bed
I'ma always keep the hammer, nigga fuck a sledge
Fuck what they be talkin' bout, fuck what they allege
Know them bitches, go'n hate on my Giuseppe wedge (check)
Box spring cost 25k bitch,I'm out in Cali, fuckin' wit' the black K-fed
And nah man I ain't fuckin' with that Jean Vest
Playtime been over fuck a recess,playtime been over fuck a seesaw
Bitches wanna play a game? Go and see Saw
That's one, that's two, and that's three four
I'm hungry, who else could I feast off?
You know my pockets fatter, than that little Vine kid
They couldn't stop me, even if the red sign did
Bitch don't get gassed, like a hybrid
These bitches thinking' they can do what I did
These bitches thinking' they can live where I live
But bi-bitches couldn't see me with an eyelid
I mean look, your bitch came off an island
I came in the game '09 wilin'
I'm out in Hollywood, left off Highland
These bitches loud, but when the Queen come?














Ayo, as the world turns, the blunt burns
(Who you gettin' at, Nicki?)
Watch them cunts learn
Fashion icon, Audrey Hepburn
I move keys, but you hoes get one turn
Yeah, you get one turn, and one urn
I straighten all these bitches out with one perm
Who ever gassed 'em ain't none of my concern
But, see, the Lord showed me dreams to confirm
They done went to witch doctors to bury the Barbie
But I double back, kill bitches, bury the body
And that go for anybody, you'll be thoroughly sorry
I could wage war or I come in peace like Gandhi
All my powers back now I'm scary to zombies
Bring the heat to her, sizzle 'em, ain't talking Kalonji
I done fasted and prayed, had to cleanse my body
Abstaining from sex, had to zen my body
I ain't givin', so don't ask, I don't lend my body
Gotta be king status to give men my body
(He gotta be king status to get in ya body?)
Fuck, yeah, 'cause a Queen is what I embody, uh
Ganja burn, ganja burn, ganja burn (yeah)
Ganja burn, ganja burn, ganja burn (yeah)
Everytime I get high, I just think about you
Everytime I get high, I just think about you
Everytime I get high, I just think about you
Everytime I get high, I just think about you
Ganja burn, ganja burn, ganja burn (yeah)
Ganja burn, ganja burn, ganja burn (yeah)
Yo, you can't wear a Nicki wig and then be Nicki
That's like a fat nigga thinkin' he can be Biggie
One rough ride, now you DMX and Swizzy
One hot video, you Hype? Nah, you just giddy
You made one dope beat, now you Kanye?
You got a nigga named JAY, now you 'Yoncé?
You got about three stacks, now you André?
You put a part in your fade, yeah you Nas, bae
You gotta have real skill, gotta work for that
If it's really your passion, would you give the world for that?
Unlike a lot of these hoes whether wack or lit
At least I can say I wrote every rap I spit
Put my blood, sweat and tears in perfecting' my craft
Still every team's number one pick in the draft
You could bring anybody, weatherman, pick a day
I'm Kobe, KD, Kyrie! Pick a K
Ganja burn, ganja burn, ganja burn (yeah)
Ganja burn, ganja burn, ganja burn (yeah)
Everytime I get high, I just think about you
Everytime I get high, I just think about you
Everytime I get high, I just think about you
Everytime I get high, I just think about you
Ganja burn, ganja burn, ganja burn (yeah)
Ganja burn, ganja burn, ganja burn (yeah)
I see ya, I see you I see ya, I see you
To my surprise I saw you in my eyes
The nights I cried, repented of the lies








Whatever you say, Mrs. Majesty (oh, oh)
Whatever you want, you can have from me (oh, oh)
I want your love, just lead me on
Won't give it up, hey, hey, hey, hey
'Cause I'm a sucker for ya
Uh, uh, yo, I got the money and the power now
The G5'll get me out there in an hour now
The MAC movin' like crack, I'm sellin' powder now
G-game over, locker room, hit them showers now
I got the trophies and the catalogue
Just did a deal, Mercedes-Benz, check the catalogue
I'm buyin' buildings, we don't buy the blogs
The Nicki challenge when I fly to Prague, uh
Uh, yo, who want it with Nicki now?
I smoke 'em like hippies now
They see me, say, "Yippie," now
Homes runnin' like Griffey now
They switchin' like sissies now
You niggas is iffy now
Bitches tune switchin' up
We take 'em to Jiffy now
I'm thicker than peanut butter
He nuttin' like Skippy now
He want me to be his wife
His misses like sippy now, uh
Yo, let me hit you back
Told 'em I'd get you back
I know you sitting' there just thinkin' 'bout who did you that
I am who did you that
You trippin', did you pack?
Can't post on Nicki block unless you sellin' Nicki crack
Here, take a Nicki pack, check out this Nicki act
Nicki this, Nicki that, all these bitches piggyback
Nicki back, ah, ah, ah back Ah, ah, ah back Ah, ah
How dare all them mirror my style
The mandem want digits for dial
Inna the dance, we a go skin out time now
I wanna come on, just suicidal
Yeah, on the real I'm these bitches' idol
Gotta be dumb to make me your rival
'Cause I'm too powerful, yeah, you not powerful
So say your prayers 'cause you 'bout to die slow
Die slow, die slow Jealousy is a disease, die slow
Die slow, die slow Tell her that jealousy is a disease, die slow










I'm looking for a nigga to give some babies
A hand full of Weezy, sprinkle of Dave East
Man, I ain't got no type, like Jxmmi and Swae Lees
But if he can't fuck three times a night, peace
I tried to fuck 50 for a powerful hour
But all that nigga wanna do is talk Power for hours
Beat the pussy up, make sure it's a K-O
Step your banks up like you're moving that ya-yo
Somebody go and make sure Karrueche okay though
I heard she think I'm tryna give the coochie to Quavo
They always wanna beat it up, goon up the pussy
Man, maybe I should let him autotune up the pussy
All these Bow Wow challenge niggas lying and shit
Man, these Fetty Wap niggas stay eyeing my shit
Drake worth a hundred milli, always buying me shit
But I don't know if the pussy wet or if he crying and shit
Meek still be in my DMs, I be having to duck him
"I used to pray for times like this"
Face ass when I fuck him
Man, Uzi is my baby, he ain't takin' a L
But he took it literally when I said, "Go to hell"
Used to fuck with Young Thug, I ain't addressing this shit
C-c-caught him in my dressing room, stealing dresses and shit
I used to give this nigga with a lisp tests and shit
How you want the pu-thy? Can't say your S's and shit
Dreams of fucking one of these little rappers
I'm just playing, but I'm saying
Dreams of fucking one of these little rappers
I'm just playing, but I'm saying
Dreams of fucking one of these little rappers
I'm just playing, but I'm saying
Dreams of fucking one of these little rappers
I'm just playing, but I'm saying
I remember when I used to have a crush on Special Ed
Shoutout Desiigner, 'cause he made it out of special ed
You wanna fuck me, you gotta give some special head
'Cause this pussy have these niggas on some special meds
Like Mike Tyson, he was biting my shit
Talking 'bout, "Yo, why you got these niggas fighting and shit?"
On the real, I should make these niggas scrap for the pussy
Young M.A. and Lady Luck, get the strap for this pussy, uh
And I would've had Odell Beckham banging the cake
'Til I saw him hopping out of cars dancing to Drake
I been a five-star bitch, man, word to Gotti
I'ma do that nigga Future dirty, word to Scottie
Had to cancel DJ Khaled, boy, we ain't speaking
Ain't no fat nigga telling me what he ain't eating
YG and The Game with the hammer yelling, "Gang, gang"
This ain't what I meant when I said a gang bang
Tekashi want a ménage, I said tre-way
Curved him and went the Kim and Kanye way
Em, cop the Barbie Dreamhouse then you can play the part
I ain't tryna bust it open in the trailer park
Dreams of fucking one of these little rappers
I'm just playing, but I'm saying
Dreams of fucking one of these little rappers
I'm just playing, but I'm saying
Dreams of fucking one of these little rappers
I'm just playing, but I'm saying
Dreams of fucking one of these little rappers
I'm just playing, but I'm saying
Barbie dreams Barbie dreams
I'm just playing, but I'm saying Dreams
You know I'm all about them dollars
I be supporting them scholars
I let him give me some brain
But he wanted me to ride it
So I said, "Fuck it, I'm in"
He want a cut like a trim
And if he act like he know
I let him fuck it again
I got them bars, I'm indicted
I'm popping, I'm uninvited
I said just lick on the clitoris, nigga, don't fucking bite it
I ride his, in the circle
I turn Stefan into Urkel
I go around and around and I'ma go down in slow motion
Then I pick it up, look at it
I said, "Daddy, come get at it," uh
Yellow brick road, he said that I am a wiz at it
Yeah, they want it, want it
You know I flaunt it, flaunt it
I'm a trendsetter
Everything I do, they do
Yeah, put 'em up on it, on it
Dimelo papi, papi
Yo quiero sloppy, sloppy
I'll give it to you if you beat it up like Pacqui, Pacqui
I'ma kill 'em with the shoe, no ceiling is in the roof
And I'm big, give me the loot, twelve cylinders in the Coupe
I get dome with the chrome, no telling when I'ma shoot
I just bang, bang, bang, real killers is in my group
Gorillas is in my unit, vacationin' where it's humid
And I shine, shine, shine, got diamonds all in my cubans
I'm in LA Times more than when niggas lootin'
And my flow spit crack, I think that nigga usin'
He done bodied everybody, in closing these bitches losin'
Using, using up a bitch movin'
No I ain't stuttered and no I ain't Ruben
Damn, a bitch snoozin'
Shoutout to my Jews, l'chaim, Rick Rubin
Big fat titties, yes, they be protruding'
I be like, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, bring the lube in
I be like fuck 'em, fuck 'em, bring the lube in








I know what these niggas like, and it ain't my charm
I ain't stupid, this $250 on my arm
I like money more than dick, nigga, that's a fact
You think pussy's everything? Well, let's have a chat
A-a-ass out, pussy fat, point me to a rich nigga
Who gon' Rico, Ace me, pay in full my money, Mitch, nigga
I'ma help 'em fuck the check up, I'ma run the business
If your girl don't get it popping', put me on your wishlist Hitlist, now we sending gifts like if it's Christmas
He say "Baby, everyday we ballin'", I say, "Swish, swish"
Got him calling' nonstop 'cause he don't wanna miss this
I said, "Don't panic, keep the faith, nigga bigs bitch: (Real rich nigga sex)
If you know your pussy worth a Benz truck (Rich sex)
Don't let homie fuck unless his bands up (Rich sex)
Go to DR, get that fat transfer (Rich sex)
It ain't such a thing as broke and handsome (Rich sex)
If you let that broke nigga fuck, we tellin' (Rich sex)
If you let that broke nigga fuck, we tellin' (Rich sex)
If you let that broke nigga fuck, we tellin' (Rich sex)
If you let that broke nigga fuck, we tellin' (Rich sex)
If you know your pussy worth a Benz truck (Rich sex)
Don't let homie fuck unless his bands up (Rich sex)
Go to DR, get that fat transfer (Rich sex)
It ain't such a thing as broke and handsome (Rich sex)
If you let that broke nigga fuck, we tell it (Rich sex)
If you let that broke nigga fuck, we tell it (Rich sex)
If you let that broke nigga fuck, we tell it (Rich sex)
If you let that broke nigga fuck, we tell it (Rich sex)
Mitch who got bricks too
The rich get richer, that's my ritual
Rich crew, link my bitch too
Mac took the Wraith, me and Toon flew
To the moon, Elis, the goon palace
Woo! Haha, ahh-haha, ahh!
You mad, doggie? You mad, doggie?
(Next stop: New York) Hahaha, lrrr!






Work hard, just to get half back
(Used to) work hard, just to get half back
(Now I'm) gettin' to it that way
(Straight up, straight up)
I ain't coming through unless the bag straight
(I used to) work hard just to get half back
(Used to) work hard, just to get half back
Ayo, just last week I told 'em to pick a side
I bust shots, don't duck if it don't apply
Bae out in Paris, he told me to pick a ride
Sike, made you look, I still didn't pick a guy
I'm the trophy of the game, everybody tryna win me
Me, Olivier, Jourdan Dunn, my baby, Winnie
Partying in Paris, these bitches is embarrassed
'Cause they know I'm the queen, I still didn't pick an heiress
Mirror, mirror, who's the fairest?
(You the motherfucking fairest, Nicki)
What I drop on this watch?
(I don't know, about a hundred-fifty)
I'm who they wishin' to be
These hoes is on the 'Gram, Nicki pitchin' the ki'
'Bout to cop Neverland, Michael up in the tree
You got bars and still broke? You might as well took the plea, uh
Be in the bando or would you rather move weight, Don Pablo? Uh
Work hard, just to get half back
(Used to) work hard, just to get half back
(Now I'm) gettin' to it that way
(Straight up, straight up)
I ain't coming through unless the bag straight
(I used to) work hard just to get half back
(Used to) work hard, just to get half back
Ayo, just last week I told 'em they run done
My legacy could never be undone
I'm a prodigy, R.I.P Thun-Thun
Got these bitches shook, they shocked, no stun-gun
I'm the billy, billy goat, the goat, the goat's here
Vintage Hermès by Jean Paul Gaultier
Lagerfeld customize my gold chair
I run the point, you bitches just go cheer
Uh, look at my knockoffs, I told 'em knock it off
Anything that Nicki do, you know they knock it off
Put my crown on again, and I'ma knock it off
Anything with Nicki in it, they gonna pocket off
I mean profit off, my plug drop it off
You see them copyin' my hair, tell 'em, "Chop it off"
Uh, bad gyal with the, top is off
You nuh see him downgrade when mi drop 'em off
Uh, I ain't never played a hoe's position
I ain't ever have to strip to get the pole position
Hoes is dissin'? Okay, these hoes is wishin'
You're in no position to come for O's position
I ain't movin' weight, but I'm in the dope position
I ain't movin' weight, but I'm in the dope position
Work hard, just to get half back
(Used to) work hard, just to get half back
(Now I'm) gettin' to it that way
(Straight up, straight up)
I ain't coming through unless the bag straight
(I used to) work hard just to get half back
(Used to) work hard, just to get half back
work hard work hard
Just last week, I told 'em to pick a side
I bust shots, don't duck if they don't apply






Got a bed wit' your name on it
Wit' your name on it
Got a kiss wit' your name on it
Wit' your name on it
Thousand dollar sheets
Waitin' for you on some thousand dollar sheets
I got Carter III on repeat
Back shots to the beat of "A Milli" on you
Got me acting like you got a milli on you
He say I'm the GOAT, yeah, the billy on you
I could make all your dreams come true
Wanna fall through, then you better come through
Strawberry lingerie
Waitin' for you, strawberries, lingerie
You told me you on the way
Mess around, mess around, put it down on you
I'ma do everything I said I'm gon' do
Pretty little body, it look better on you
Might have to blow it like a feather on you
Waterfalls, ooh, yeah, you better come through
On, on it On, on it On, on it On, on it (but I put your name... on it)
Yo! He in my starting' five, he get his city live
These niggas scared, they doing fifty in a fifty-five
I'm tryna clap him like somebody told him, "Gimme five!"
I'ma be a half an hour, but I told him, "Gimme five!"
I'm tryna dance on him, blow my advance on 'em
I like him better when he got some sweatpants on him
I like his hang time, he said his head right
I said go all the way down and then head right
I watch him fuck it up, look at him luckin' up
I said, "You need some thick skin, baby, suck it up."
He go insane on it, I put my fame on it
Coulda put ZAYN on it, but I put your name on it






I thought I knew you
Ha-ha-ha I guess I didn't
I  thought I knew you
But baby I-I guess I didn't
I-I-I thought you was down for real
Thought you would stick around for real
Honestly, I think this shit excites you
You love drama, it excites you
I liked you
I don't think I'm talkin' to the right you
I thought I knew you (thought I knew ya, baby)
Ha-ha-ha I guess I didn't (guess I didn't, girl)
I thought I knew you (ooh yeah)
But baby I-I guess I didn't
I-I-I thought you was down for real (down for real)
Thought you would stick around for real ('round for real)
I (ooh, yeah) I (ooh, yeah) ah
You broke my heart and now ever since
I just want them dead presidents I just want them dead presidents I just want them dead presidents You broke my heart nigga ever since
I just want them dead presidents I just want them dead presidents
Yeah, I just want them dead presidents
Dead-dead presidents Presidents-dents presidents Presidents-dents presidents
Presidents-dents presidents Presidents-dents presidents








Don't be goofy, bring some passion to the table, what you doin'?
Don't be stupid, I'm the realest bitch you know, yeah, I'm the truest
When you pull up, gotta pull up on me like you already knew it
Yeah, you keep saying you the truth when, nigga, you gon' have to prove it
'Cause it's been a minute since I trusted somebody
'Cause I don't ever put my trust in nobody
I hate to picture you out fuckin' somebody
So I don't ever put my trust in nobody
Who am I to deny?
Yeah, you say who am I to run and hide?
Don't be jealous, put some trust inside your text when you be textin'
Tell the truth when you get tired of me askin' all them questions
I pray to God for peace and love, I'm lookin' at you as a blessing
You told me life ain't luck and love, so take that passion as a lesson
'Cause it's been a minute since I trusted somebody
'Cause I don't ever put my trust in nobody
I hate to picture you out fuckin' somebody
So I don't ever put my trust in nobody
Who am I to deny?
Yeah, you say who am I to run and hide?










Fall off in the spot
Wait up, they gon' do it while you drop
Metro!
Pull up with no top
If Young Metro don't trust you, I'm gon' shoot you
Yo I'm me, I'm Barbie drippin', DB9, Barbie whippin'
If he say he don't want me back, he be lyin'
Bitch I'm the sauce, Barbie dippin', I'm the boss, Barbie sippin'
They keep tellin' work it, I ain't got no choice
I'm all yours, Barbie kissin', call the stores, Barbie shippin'
Out or indoors, baby I'ma floss
Wet, why of course, Barbie tippin', I endorse, Barbie strippin'
Mink carpet, but I ain't got no flaws
Doors look like rings, Barbie sittin', bad-da-bing, Barbie trippin'
Curve niggas like they arms in a slin'
Hot off the swing, Barbie swingin', to the ring, Barbie blingin'
Good box, so he called Donna King
Who the fuck gon' party with them dollies, tell' em never do the money till em hate you probably gon' sew
Who the fuck gon' cop me with the body, always thinkin' like a hottie, always saying what someone won't do
Who the fuck gonna pull up in your city, looking every bit pretty, with the itty bitty titty bitch crew
Who the fuck gon' beat him with a 22, if he don't lose the attitude, and run off with his credit cards too
They deliver my Lambo, all white with a tan bow
My body's a work of art, he eatin' this Van Gogh
I'm not in the bando, I'm Pablo Sandals
White beaches, candles, we sexin', Anglo
Wh-wh-what you think all these niggas wanna cuff for?
A lot of Bloods, what you think they in the cut for?
Yeah, it's the sweep, I ain't talkin' when the dust fall
My winnin' streak still hasn't peaked, you little dust ball
Bitch I'm a star-ar, me and Swae Lee, yah, yah
G-Force flights, Chun-way on the runway, yah, yah
Riccardo Tisci in Milan, you see me modelin', ah
Dinner with Kar-ar, dinner with Karl Lagerfeld, yah
Yeah, this that Steven Klein, Mert & Marcus, yah, yah
You're used to taking pictures, I go raise the bar far
I'm bitchy, yah, yah, really bitchy, ah, ah
America's Next Top Model, call me Yaya
E-everytime I score she gon' hear them swishes, ah
Tell that bitch I'm in the league, she still play for Wichita
I piss hits broad, call me the swish God
The swish, swish God? Yup, the swish God
Mhm, shout-out Giovanni
For doing that "Barbie Tingz" video, uh-huh
Nina Garcia, Stephen Gan, Elle mag yuh, uh-huh
I'm still on my Naomi shit
Wilhelmina Models tip
Weezy, Mack, Baby, Slim
Gee, I see you, Jean, Tezz, El, Shawn Gee
Monte, Avery, Roppo, Joe, Katina, Mike, Dave, Garry, Josh Mmm...
Rap, Jigga, Kim, Wiz, Hillary, Khloé , Biggz
Juice, I see you Juice Keep me rollin' Juice
You're in the middle of Queen right now, thinking
I see why she called this shit Queen
This bitch is really the fucking Queen, hahaha...
I love my fans, I love you so much






















Ayo, look like I'm goin' for a swim
Dunk on 'em, now I'm swingin' off the rim
Bitch ain't comin' off the bench
While I'm comin' off the court fully drenched
Here, get some haterade, get ya thirst quenched
Styled on 'em in this Burberry trench
These birds copy every word, every inch
But gang gang got the hammer and the wrench (brrr)
I pull up in that quarter milli off the lot
Oh, now she tryna be friends like I forgot
Show off my diamonds like I'm signed by the Roc (by the rock)
Ain't pushin' out his babies 'til he buy the rock
Ayo, I been on, bitch, you been corn
Bentley tints on, Fendi prints on
I mean I been Storm, X-Men been formed
He keep on dialin' Nicki like the Prince song
I-I-I been on, bitch, you been corn
Bentley tints on, Fendi prints on
Ayo, I been north, Lara been Croft
Plates say Chun-Li, drop the Benz off
Oh, I get it, huh, they paintin' me out to be the bad guy
Well it's the last time you gonna see a bad guy do the rap game like me
I went and copped the chopsticks, put it in my bun just to pop shit
I'm always in the top shit, box seats, bitch, fuck the gossip
How many of them coulda did it with finesse?
Now everybody like, "She really is the best"
You play checkers, couldn't beat me playin' chess
Now I'm about to turn around and beat my chest
Bitch, it's King Kong, yes, it's King Kong
Bitch, it's King Kong, this is King Kong
Chinese ink on, Siamese links on
Call me 2 Chainz, name go ding dong
Bitch, it's King Kong, yes, I'm King Kong
This is King Kong? Yes, Miss King Kong
In my kingdom with my Timbs on
How many championships? What? Six rings on
They need rappers like me! They need rappers like me!
So they can get on their fucking keyboards!
And make me the bad guy, Chun-Li
Ayo, I been on, bitch, you been corn
Bentley tints on, Fendi prints on
I mean I been Storm, X-Men been formed
He keep on dialin' Nicki like the Prince song
I-I-I been on, bitch, you been corn
Bentley tints on, Fendi prints on
Ayo, I been north, Lara been Croft
Plates say Chun-Li, drop the Benz off
I come alive, I, I'm always sky high Designer thigh highs, it's my lifestyle
I come alive, I, I'm always sky high Designer thigh highs, it's my lifestyle
I need a Mai Tai, so fuckin' sci-fi Gimme the password to the fuckin' wifi






I just took her name and made the bitch a LLC
Stuff a couple stacks up in there, bitch, get on your feet
You'd make twice as much if you switch it up, just to see
To you, he's rich and famous, but he's just a guy to me
I feel like I'm King Kong, name still going ding-dong
It's two girls gettin' more money, and they don't rap, they sing songs
I stay with that pink on, pink furs and them pink thongs
Goons out if they blink wrong, think hard but don't think long
Pink Friday had Eminem, spit hard but I'm feminine
Iconic trio on Monster, Goblins and Gremlins
What's left that I didn't do? You bit the forbidden fruit
You thought you'd get my spot? Who the fuck was kiddin' you?
Took a lil' break, but I'm back to me
Tryna make a new Nicki, where the factory?
They'll never toe to toe on a track with me
There'll never be another one after me
'Cause the skill level still just a half of me
Blasphemy, my niggas will blast for me
All these low IQ hoes baffle me
Tell 'em that I wash bitches take a bath for me
Bunch the trophies in my crib like a athlete
I see them giving fake love but that trash is weak
Man, you know that I ripped, every rapper beat
You know Nicki gon' eat, Bon Appétit
Used to get real hype off a half a mil'
Used to get real high off a half a pill
We don't pay niggas to front like they like my shit
We don't pay niggas to come in and write my shit (uh)
Now carry on (on), now carry on (on)Now carry on (on), now carry on (on)
Swish, swish, I'm just gettin' my Curry on (on)
G6 flow, all Louis V carry-ons


I just took her name and made the bitch a LLC
Stuff a couple stacks up in there, bitch, get on your feet
You'd make twice as much if you switch it up, just to see
To you, he's rich and famous, but he's just a guy to me


You made me, you made me, yeah
You made me, you made me, yeah, yeah
On blood, you made me, you made me, yeah, yeah, yeah
You made me (okay), you made me (hahaha, uh)


Yo, you made me do it, hoe, I told you, get low (told you get low)
I'm popping tens but they gotta be yellow
I'm New York Nick, I'm ballin', where Carmelo? (O.K. 'Melo)
I'm wavy, word to Shawty L-O, hello
How your jacket say Porsche and you never rode a Porsche?
How you supposed to make the quota when you never went North?
How the fuck you got Ferraris when you never went sport?
All that hoopin' and hollerin' still ain't scorin' on the court (rrrh)


You made me, you made me, yeah
You made me, you made me, yeah, yeah
On blood, you made me, you made me, yeah, yeah
You made me (okay), you made me (hahaha)


Ay, yo, look at what they made me do, they made me do
Switched the foreign on 'em, navy blue to baby blue
Look at how they started pussy poppin' when 80 flew
All my niggas move that Britney, Ari', yeah, Katy too
Niggas gassed on the really though, gas I pumped them
Straight trash on the really, yo, yes, I dumped him
Push the limits, I'm a pushy bitch, yes, I bumped him
Pushed past being filthy rich, ask I trumped them
'Cause I scare her, scare her, my biggest era, era
Never been clearer, clearer, don't force it, Farrah Farrah
Because you'll never be me, that's word to Bella, Gigi
Dolce Gabbana, DG, pretty gang rated PG (woah)


Now carry on (on), now carry on (on)
Now carry on (on), now carry on (on)
Swish, swish, I'm just gettin' my Curry on
G6 flow, all Louis V carry-ons


I just took her name and made the bitch a LLC
Stuff a couple stacks up in there, bitch, get on your feet
You'd make twice as much if you switch it up, just to see
To you, he's rich and famous, but he's just a guy to me (guy to me)


On blood, you made me, you made me
You made me, you made me, yeah, yeah
On blood, you made me, you made me, yeah, yeah, yeah
You made me (okay), you made me (hahaha, hahaha, hahaha, hahaha, hahaha, hahaha)
Eardrummers
Yo, hold up, hold up


Yo, hold up, hold up, hold up, okay, hold up
You see a bad bitch coming through, yo, what's the hold up?
I'm in that new new me, and Nunu when I roll up
I told the valet, "Park my Benz and bring the Rolls up."


Yo, hold up, hold up, hold up, okay, hold up
He see me lookin' pretty every time he scroll up
Might gotta let the blicky hit you if you stroll up
Now put your hands up, it's a hold up
Run me the money
(Go!)


'Cause I be the baddie B, Barbie Tingz
Banging body B (go), everybody be on my D
Yo I gotta be (go) in reality, suck a D if you doubted me
Back of the 'Bach, back of the 'Bach
Back of the 'Bach, back of the 'Bach
Who on Barbie D? Who on Barbie D? Everybody
Who you gotta see? Honestly, on my odyssey
I'm the baddest B, I don't even know how to speak
Hat to the hat to the back and relax, you in the back of the 'Bach
(Come on!)


See a bitch got more coins than a game room
So we ain't ever hatin' in TheShadeRoom
See I keep my sons in a playroom
So me and you ain't ever in the same room


I tell him eat the cookie 'cause it's good for him
And when he eat the cookie he got good form
He know I don't ever cheat because I'm good to him
Might gotta have his baby, nurses yellin' push for him
You see I let him eat the cookie 'cause it's good for him
And whenever he eat the cookie he got good form
He know that when I'm pullin' up I'm in a good foreign
I be like ooh he love me, ooh he love me, good form
Come on, come on, come on
I be like ooh he love me, ooh he love me, good form
Come on


I slick, slick drop the top like nip slips
So he tryna smash like when the whip flips
I hit licks just to floss with this wrist
And when I leave my bitches we all say, "Kiss kiss"
I'm in that new new De La Renta, channeling Bugs Bunny
'Cause all I want is karats and some big drug money
I'm only loyal to the niggas that'll bust guns for me
The jig up, it's a stick up, run me the money


'Cause I be the baddie B, Barbie Tingz
Banging body B (go), everybody be on my D
Yo I gotta be (go) in reality, suck a D if you doubted me
Back of the 'Bach, back of the 'Bach
Back of the 'Bach, back of the 'Bach
Who on Barbie D? Who on Barbie D? Everybody
Who you gotta see? Honestly, on my odyssey
I'm the baddest B, I don't even know how to speak
Hat to the hat to the back and relax, you in the back of the 'Bach
(Come on!)


See a bitch get more press than a key pad
Before you suck me off, get a knee pad
See I pull the strings like a tea bag
I'm probably with my jeweler playin' freeze tag


I tell him eat the cookie 'cause it's good for him
And when he eat the cookie he got good form
He know I don't ever cheat because I'm good to him
Might gotta have his baby, nurses yellin' "Push" for him


You see I let him eat the cookie 'cause it's good for him
And whenever he eat the cookie he got good form
He know that when I'm pullin' up I'm in a good foreign
I be like ooh he love me, ooh he love me, good form
Come on, come on, come on
I be like ooh he love me, ooh he love me, good form
Come on
Gave you everything, everything, everything, everything, everything


Gave you everything, yeah
Think I need to take it all back (Take it all back, hey)
I gave you everything, yeah
But you don't know what to do with all that
And that's on everything
I'ma have to switch, switch up on you
Snip, snip, hit that nip tuck on you
Ring, ring, never pick up on you (Yeah, brr)
I'ma have to switch, switch up on you
Snip, snip, hit that nip tuck on you
Let go, time to give up on you


Mmm, see, I used to curve niggas like you
Skrr, skrr, swerve niggas like you
Even though I heard what you might do
I didn't get concerned 'cause I liked you
But no, no, I can't hide who you are
I can't lie, it's too hard (So hard, so hard)
I need more than what you got from me
You want a bad bitch and new cars


And I gave you everything, yeah
Think I need to take it all back (Take it all, take it all back)
I gave you everything, yeah
But you don't know what to do with all that
And that’s on everything
I'ma have to switch, switch up on you
Snip, snip, hit that nip tuck on you
Ring, ring, never pick up on you, oh
I'ma have to switch, switch up on you
Snip, snip, hit that nip tuck on you
Let go, time to give up on you


I know how to flip niggas like you
I get petty and clip niggas like you
Fuck around and forget niggas like you
Promise I could never miss niggas like you
Said no, no
Feelings fading away, I can't hear what you say
I need more than what you got for me
You got a bad bitch who won't stay


And I gave you everything, yeah
You gon' need to take it all back (Take it all, take it all back)
I gave you everything, yeah
But you don't know what to do with all that
And that's on everything
I'ma have to switch, switch up on you
Snip, snip, hit that nip tuck on you
Ring, ring, never pick up on you, oh
I'ma have to switch, switch up on you
Snip, snip, hit that nip tuck on you
Let go, time to give up on you


Yo, give up on 'em, I don't even wanna get up on 'em
And I ain't tryna work it out
But I'm at the gym on a mat doin' sit-ups on 'em
You let yourself go, you don't represent O’
So trust me, just go
You settle for less, yo, you disrespectful
You was special, the new you just dull
So cut all that bull, the nerve of me to come off my pedestal
Come off my pedestal, money off that edible
Which means them bags stacked high
You ain't got the drive, my nigga ya pedal stalled
You said you wept, aww, every day, a queen you slept on
And I ain't talkin' 'bout your mattresses
But um, you the type of player I press eject on
I can't believe you played for that long
I never re-respected nobody
I never needed you, you must've thought I did
I should have copped the stick, but I'm teflon
Pressed on, headstrong, sex the bomb
Dreams of a bad bitch tryna F a don
If his word bond and he wanna sex icons
If he bust down and don't wanna waste my time
Who the fuck you thought you was, tryna stunt on Nick?
Shoulda put you on blast like a gun on hip
But it's okay, we gon' keep secrets, nigga
'Cause a true bad bitch ain't weak or bitter
I said I'm cool on it, baby, yeah, I'm straight
He say his love, I don't it want it, yeah, too late
Boy, you're too much, too little, yeah, too late
You do too much, too little, yeah, too late


Boy, you're too much, too little, yeah, too late
Boy, you're too much, too little, yeah, too late
Boy, you're too much, too little, yeah, too late
Boy, you're too much, too little, yeah, too late
Boy, you're too much, too little, yeah, too late
Boy, you're too much, too little, yeah, too late
Boy, you're too much, too little, yeah, too late
Boy, you're too much, I'm cool on it, I'm straight


You shoulda been listenin', listenin' in
Too busy glistenin', glistenin' in
Why you ain't listen then, listen back then?
Now you're too much, too little, yeah, too late




Come, come see what I've been up to
Come, come see about me
I know you've had a lot of work to do
Ooh, you got used to things without me baby
Yeah, you got used to every thing I never did
You got sick of being sick of all my flaws
You got over all the pain I ever caused
And I didn't mean it, no, ooh, but


They say it's all what you make it
Maybe it's all in the making
Love's always love, you can't fake it
So please don't try to deny me of it, no
You know my heart couldn't take it
Maybe it's all in the making
Love's always love you can't fake it
See baby, ooh you know I need you to


Come, come see about me
Come, come see about me
Know it can't always be about me
Just come, come see about me
Come, come see about me
I'm doing good boy, I'm up where we belong, yeah
You know I'm still trying to find where we went wrong, yeah
So come, come see about me
Come, come see about me
Come, come, come see about me
It won't hurt just to see what we could be, so...
Come see about me, yeah


Want you to see how much I changed up
Ooh, I just hope I'm not too late
I know your hesitant about it but
I got a lot I wanna say to you
Hate that I could never measure up
Hate that I could never be the one you needed
'Cause now I'm the one who needs you
But baby


They say it's all what you make it
Maybe it's all in the making
Love's always love, you can't fake it
So please don't try to deny me of that, no
You know my heart couldn't take it
Maybe it's all in the making
Love's always love, you can't fake it
See baby, ooh you know I need you too


Come, come see about me
Come, come see about me
Know it can't always be about me
Just come, come see about me
Come, come see about me
I'm doing good boy, I'm up where we belong, yeah
You know I'm still trying to find where we went wrong, yeah
So come, come see about me
Come, come see about me
Come, come, come see about me
It won't hurt just to see what we could be, so...
Come see about me...


Come, come see about me (come see)
Come, come see about me (yeah, you)
Know it can't always be about me (come see about me)
Just come, come see about me (come see about me)
Come, come see about me (come see about me)
I'm doing good boy, I'm up where we belong, yeah (come see about me)
You know I'm still trying to find where we went wrong, yeah
So come, come see about me
Come, come see about me
Come, come, come see about me
It won't hurt just to see what we could be, so...
(Yeah...)
Come see about me
Damn, damn, damn right
Huh? Pluto, yeah
I can see it
All these green, sir
Blowin' weed, sir
Big ol' rings, sir
Zaytoven
Metro Boomin want some more, nigga




Yo, headline tour, sir, with the bands, sir (band, sir)
I ain't pressed, sir, over a band, sir (band, sir)
Get her a ticket, sir, she's a fan, sir (fan, sir)
Can't keep her man off my Instagram, sir ('Gram, sir)
New slaves, but I'm still the master (master)
I'm whippin' foreigns to make 'em go faster (faster)
Miss Aretha, I think I just passed her (passed her)
Icy Patek, tell 'em, "Kiss my ass, sir" (ass, sir)
Pretty gang, sir, pretty gangster (gangster)
Said she was better than me, what a prankster (prankster)
He said, "You bad, Nicki," I said, "Thanks, sir" (thanks, sir)
Stay in some fresh prints, Ashley Banks, sir (banks, sir)
Call me A.I., sir, I'm The Answer (Answer)
I'm in the playoffs, sir, I advance, sir (advance, sir)
These niggas broke, they ain't got no plans, sir (plans, sir)
I call 'em Sway, they ain't got the answer (answer)
Ass shots, sir, with no chaser (chaser)
Pretty titties all up in his face, sir (face, sir)
They double tap, sir, it's a fact, sir (fact, sir)
All the comments sayin', "It's a snack, sir" (snack, sir)
New bae, I'm his dirty dancer (dancer)
I said I wouldn't but I took a chance, sir (chance, sir)
Ride him like a sled, Dasher, Prancer (Prancer)
I bust it open for him out in Cancer (Cancer)
Found boss, sir, I have a drought, sir
Them bum bitches ain't allowed, sir
Yeah, Nicki Hendrixx






Automatic, sir, my bitch the baddest, sir (bitch bad)
I'm livin' lavish, sir, fuck all the static, sir (fuck all the static)
Out on bond service, servin' dope, sir
Where I'm from, sir, they'll serve your mom, sir (serve your mom, sir)
Cocaina dealin', jackboy, sir (jackboy)
Stars in the ceilin', sir, dope in the attic, sir
Tarzan, sir, I drive fast, sir (drive faster)
Jeff Gordan sir, NASCAR, sir
Pluto my first name, Cash last name, sir
He wanna body, sir, you tryna get some stains, sir


On the gas, sir, on the gas, sir
Splurgin' cash, sir, throwin' cash, sir
Fuckin' hoes, sir, fuckin' hoes, sir
Ridin' foreigns, sir, ridin' foreigns, sir
Dirty Fanta, sir, dirty Fanta, sir
Hot Atlanta, sir, Hot Atlanta, sir




Cockin' hammers, sir, cockin' hammers, sir
Found boss, sir, I have a drought, sir
Them bum bitches ain't allowed, sir
Excuse my manners, sir, excuse my manners, sir




Just the other day I was out in Miami
Got the low-low on them percs
Low-low on them xannies
Nigga's know my bitches petty
I ain't talking mani's
Pull up with a lot of bodies
Don't forget the Addies
When I run up in the town, I ain't chitty chatty
Got some real pretty titties, that come with a fatty
Too much money, I ain't never need a sugar daddy
I'm the belle of the ball, you could call me Patty


I flew in from Trinidad, peep this nigga pressin'
I think that he popped a molly 'cause look how he sweatin'
I'mma let my niggas rob him as soon as it set in
None of you bum bitches can sit with me and Gretchen
It's the biggest
A bitch ain't cough one time
It's the sickest
I don't ever clique up
But they know who the clique is
Fast little bitches, but of course I'm the quickest
Mortal Kombat, ninja Nicki
Who ya pick is?


Just the other day I was out in Miami
Got the low-low on them percs
Low-low on them xannies
Nigga's know my bitches petty
I ain't talking mani's
Pull up with a lot of bodies
Don't forget the Addies
When I run up in the town, I ain't chitty chatty
Got some real pretty titties, that come with a fatty
Too much money, I ain't never need a sugar daddy
I'm the belle of the ball, you could call me Patty


Yo, you could take all of my bitches out to Abu Dhabi
Let one of my besties confiscate your Maserati
You should throw a party on the yacht for everybody
If we fuck your shit up, OMG, I'm very sorry
You could call me Barbie, 'cause I look just like a dolly
Yes, I bury them when they come for me, call me Halle
Since I finished her, my niggas call me the finale
I'm a busy bitch, I'm filthy rich, no time to polly
Ayo, swerve to the palace, this the Queen's like it's Hollis
Put 15 million dollars, on it, ask LL, I'm doin' it
Don't get cute and ruin it, all my skill, I hone it
I pity opponents, it look easy don't it
(It look easy don't it, it look easy don't it)


Just the other day I was out in Miami
Got the low-low on them percs
Low-low on them xannies
Nigga's know my bitches petty
I ain't talking mani's
Pull up with a lot of bodies
Don't forget the Addies
When I run up in the town, I ain't chitty chatty
Got some real pretty titties, that come with a fatty
Too much money, I ain't never need a sugar daddy
I'm the belle of the ball, you could call me Patty




Whole lotta gang shit
Oh, uh, ugh, ayy yo Chun
Uh, ayy yo Chun
We back on that Coco shit nigga number one, uh
Whole lotta gang shit
Haha, every bitch bloodclaat, you heard me
Oh, ayy yo, uh, Brooklyn!
Kick for my stomach, let's go!
Yo!




He got me like a coco, yeah uh la coco
Ellas quieren coco, y yo tampoco
Never trust a broke hoe, don't fuck with po-po
Numero uno, me llama Yoko
Pull up in them thing things and them things fling
Niggas know my name ring, and it go "ding-ding"
If I get an inkling, the thing'll sing-sing
Ain't talkin' 'bout the singer, the thing'll sting-sting


Ayo, if I'm in the Gurkha, then they in the back of it
If I tell 'em eat food, then they make a snack of it
If they take your cocaine then they make a crack of it
If they grab your gold chain then they make a plaque of it
Know we never lack on it, run up with the MAC on it
Put a couple racks on it, they gon' put the whack on it
She got the Nicki bundles, worth a stack on it
That's word to Brook' now, that's word to Bucktown
That's word to Harlem World, shout out to uptown
You know I shine on 'em, I spray sheen on 'em
That's word to southside, Jamaica, Queens on 'em
I'm mad Queens on 'em, with mad schemes on 'em
I never scale back, the triple beams on 'em
My ice gleams on 'em, Wu-Tang creams on 'em
I pull up on the block bumpin' Biggie "Dreams" on 'em
A nigga greased on 'em, but ice freezed on 'em
I light breezed on 'em, I might breeze on 'em
Might do it like it's Christmas and light trees on 'em
I see the copycats bitin' my steez on 'em


He got me like a coco, yeah uh la coco
Ellas quieren coco, y yo tampoco
Never trust a broke hoe, don't fuck with po-po
Numero uno, me llama Yoko
Pull up in them thing things and them things fling
Niggas know my name ring, and it go "ding-ding"
If I get an inkling, the thing'll sing-sing
Ain't talkin' 'bout the singer, the thing'll sting-sting
Gimme some bloodclaat gunshots
Brooklyn where the fuck we at? Flatbush, Bed-Stuy
That's my word to Big, I'ma murder them rasclaats
All black Chloe straps, gally I'ma skully to the back
Fuck my ratchet at? Come make me dutty that
Puss dem I chat 'bout, back like I never left
Went down when I come 'round, all y'all bitches bow down
King fox, King Kong, back on my Chun-Li, nigga
Valentino bling thong, all y'all bitches duck me, fuck
Nick, come fuck it up, bad gyal a back it up
Coco 'pon my foot dem, C's pon my likkle pretty red bow
See dem buss one for baby, see dem, chugh!
Pussy whine chime, ay, ay, ay, ay
The bloodclaat this, the Moet let me die
Them bitches in them bum-ass Louis thigh highs
I'm on my clip, blue jeep, Van Herpen day-days (woah)
Gun slingers, let me see y'all gun fingers
Y'all bitches dick riders
Little Nicki's, little Inga's, woah!
He got me like a coco, yeah uh la coco
Ellas quieren coco, y yo tampoco
Never trust a broke hoe, don't fuck with po-po
Numero uno, me llama Yoko
Pull up in them thing things and them things fling
Niggas know my name ring, and it go "ding-ding"
If I get an inkling, the thing'll sing-sing
Ain't talkin' 'bout the singer, the thing'll sting-sting


Foxy plus one, it's me young Chun
And me, I can fuck up the place, I'm done
So tell 'em run, come and bring a lump sum
Ayo Fox, they don't make us or break us, word to young guns
Put your hands up
Unless they ever do it, tell' em fi recognize
Run a Kartel, Dem fi 'fraid Vybz
They call me Ms. Bitch, but I don't miss, bitch
Got real shooters, better D up, guys
Who me? I'm physically fine
Who she? It's like we know she dyin'
Bitch ain't see Billboard in 2017
Had to drop Queen on 'em like a guillotine
All these jealous bitches on the jelly team
Keepin' it a hundred, that's a jelly bean
Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh
Uh, uh-uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh
Capleton, Beenie Man, Mavado, uh oh
Sizzla Kalonji, Kartel, Buju, go so
Supercat, all over his Ferragamo, I know
Destra Garcia, Machel Montano, Jah know
Ninja Man, Lady Saw, Spice, Tanya, Patra
DJ pull up, Bounty Killer, uh-huh
Bunji Garlin, Fay-Ann Lyons
Anything we wear, girl go on and tryin' (okay)
Bless up, Bob Marley, yes, king lion
Marchin' with Lauryn Hill to Zion
Caribbean tings what I am
Me and Fox gettin' paper like we ain't tryin'










He tryna 69 like Tekashi, call him papi
Word to A$AP, keep me Rocky
I'm from New York, so I'm cocky, say he fuckin' with my posse
Copped me Khloé like Kardashi', keep this pussy in Versace
Said I'm pretty like Tinashe
Put it all up in his face, did I catch a case?
Pussy game just caught a body, but I never leave a trace
Face is pretty, ass for days, I get chips, I ask for Lay's
I just sit back and when he done, I be like, "Yo, how'd it taste?"
(Yo, how'd it taste?!)
Ayo, Draco got that kick-back
When it kick-back, you can't get yo shit back, in fact this that bitch
That "I hate small talk, I don't fuck with chit-chat"
AC just stopped workin', so they hit me
Told me bring my wrist back, come through rockin' fashions
That got all these bitches like "Yo, what's that?"








Uh, I'm in my prime, Optimus
Sagittarius, so you know I'm an optimist
Man, keep it all real, I'm a prophetess (okay)
So at least you took a L off your bucket list (bucket list)
It's time to make hits and it's time to diss
How you still dissin', still can't find some hits? (Okay)
Was it worth it, dummy? I ain't mind a bit
Still on that show gettin' no chips, time to dip


I, I, I, I-I, I-I, I (okay)
I'm still fly, just bagged a white guy (okay)
Ritchie like Guy and I still eat Thai
Want the Nicki cheat code? Come on, bitch, nice try
Let's be real, all you bitches wanna look like me
Wanna be in demand, get booked like me
Wanna run up in the lab and cook like me
But ain't nan you hoes pussy good like me
Pussy so good his ex wanna still fight me
Face so pretty bitches wish they could slice me
She just mad 'cause he never bought her ice like me
I cut all my niggas off, but they would still wife me (still wife me)


Rap bitches tell they team, "Make 'em like Barbie"
Had to come off IG so they can't stalk me
All they do is copy looks, steal music too
Want to see what bitches do when they lose the blue-print
I mean the pinkprint, ho, let it sink in
I spoke to Jay the other day, he's still the kingpin
He's still the only nigga that I woulda signed to
If I ain't sign to Wayne's perfectly designed crew
'Cause we the big 3, don't need a big speech
We made the biggest impact, check the spreadsheet
That's Lil Weezy, the Barbie and Drizzy Drake
Niggas gettin' more cheese, kissy face
I'm a bad bitch, fuck the bitch (uh)
Bitch get slick, I'ma cut the bitch
I'm a bad bitch, suck some dick (okay)
If that bitch get slick, I'll cut the bitch
I'll cut up the bitch, I'll gut the bitch (okay)
Had to fuck up the bitch, man, fuck the bitch
Won't shoot her but I will gun-butt the bitch
When we say "Fuck the bitch" dick-up the bitch
She was stuck-up so my niggas stuck up the bitch
Still draggin' her so don't pick up the bitch
Get the combination to the safe, drug the bitch
Know the whole operation been bugged the bitch


I, I, I, I-I, I-I, I (okay)
I'm still fly, just bagged a white guy (okay)
Ritchie like Guy and I still eat Thai
Want the Nicki cheat code? Come on, bitch, nice try
Let's be real, all you bitches wanna look like me
Wanna be in demand, get booked like me
Wanna run up in the lab and cook like me
But ain't nan you hoes pussy good like me
Pussy so good his ex wanna still fight me
Face so pretty bitches wish they could slice me
She just mad 'cause he never bought her ice like me
I cut all my niggas off, but they would still wife me (still wife me)


They would still wife me
They would still wife me
Yup, him too, he would still wife me
Ahh, ha
When it come to stealin' flows, these birds is fluent
But they stutter when get asked 'bout the queen's influence
When it's clear they bite me, I'm flattered they like me
I don't wanna check bitches, tell 'em wear their Nikes
Barbie tings, that's Barbie tings
Big Barbie tings, that's Barbie tings
Big Barbie tings, that's Barbie tings
Uh, Barbie dreamhouse, Barbie rings
That's Barbie beach house, Barbie Benz
Barbie white picket, Barbie fence
All tea, all shade, bitch, all offense
If you ever try to confiscate Barbie's ken
I'ma put you in the box where my dollies been
Chop it up and the next stop garbage bin
'Cause you hoes too old to be gossipin'
I'm just tryna find out when the new Porsche come in




I am not your regular degular
I am just so extracurricular
I will not get off into particulars
I just copped a coupe, that bitch ridiculous
I am not your regular degular
I am just so extracurricular
I will not get off into particular
I just copped a coupe, that bitch ridiculous


Oochie coochie juicy, Tropicana, yah
We be looking bougie in Gabbana, mwah
Which one of y'all selling them bananas, huh
Sweep the Playoffs ‘cause who needs a janitor?
They ask me when I knew I wasn't regular
I tell ‘em that the coupe do not take regular
Plus all my dogs is with me like Cruella, yah
Get these bitches some bread because they jelly, yah
Thick in the thighs, wet as the ocean, he fixin’ to dive
This is the prize, roll to the bitches because of my drive
Up in the skies, I am so famous, I need a disguise
Cuttin’ some ties, that’s word to Kendrick, they killin’ my vibe


Ah, ah, ain't regular
Don’t even ah, even talk on my cellular
I’m still a yah, you a nah, you a regular
I am a star, where you start? In my belly, yah


I am not your regular a degular
I am just so extracurricular
I will not get off into particulars
I just copped a coupe, that bitch ridiculous
I am not your regular a degular
I am just so extracurricular
I will not get off into particular
I just copped a coupe, that bitch ridiculous


.45 on my table, I’m a killer, yah
Where is Elvis Presley? I’m Priscilla, yah
‘Bout to cop some dope from my drug dealer, yah
Then I’m ‘bout to crush it like Godzilla, yah
Is this how people act when you not regular?
They screamin’ from Africa to Australia
I told ‘em that I’ve always been peculiar
Queenin’ down to the letter, as in Julius
Thick in the thighs, thin in the waist, I be catching them eyes
Look at the ice, whippin’ that work, I be flippin’ them pies
Flippin’ them pies, givin’ him work whenever he applies
Look at the size, supersi-ize, I ain’t talkin’ the fries


Ah, ah, ain't regular
Don’t even ah, even talk on my cellular
I’m still a yah, you a nah, you a regular
I am a star, where you start? In my belly, yah
I am not your regular a degular
I am just so extracurricular
I will not get off into particulars
I just copped a coupe, that bitch ridiculous
I am not your regular a degular
I am just so extracurricular
I will not get off into particular
I just copped a coupe, that bitch ridiculous
hm, Young Money, uh huh, mhm
Yo, hold up, hold up, mhm
Mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm


Yo, hold up, hold up, hold up, okay, hold up
You see a bad bitch coming through, yo, what's the hold up?
I'm in that new new me and New New when I roll up
I told the valet, "Park my Benz and bring the Rolls up"
Yo, hold up, hold up, hold up, okay, hold up
He see me lookin' pretty every time he scroll up
Might gotta let the blicky hit you if you stroll up
Now put your hands up, it's a hold up
Run me the money (Go!)


'Cause I be the baddie, B, Barbie tings (Go!)
Banging body B, everybody be on my D (Go!)
Yo, I gotta be, in reality, suck a D if you doubted me
Back of the 'Bach, back of the 'Bach
Back of the 'Bach, back of the 'Bach (Woo!)
Who on Barbie D? Who on Barbie D? Everybody (Go!)
Who you gotta see? Honestly, on my odyssey (Go!)
I'm the baddest B, I don't even know how to speak
Hat to the, hat to the back and relax, you in the back of the 'Bach
(Come on!)


See, a bitch got more coins than a game room
So we ain't ever hatin' in TheShadeRoom
See, I keep my sons in a playroom
So me and you ain't ever in the same room


I tell him eat the cookie 'cause it's good for him
And when he eat the cookie he got good form
He know I don't never cheat because I'm good to him
Might gotta have his baby, nurses yellin' push for him
You see I let him eat the cookie 'cause it's good for him
And whenever he eat the cookie he got good form
He know that when I'm pullin' up I'm in a good foreign
I be like ooh, he love me, ooh, he love me, good for him
Come on, come on, come on
I be like ooh, he love me, ooh, he love me, good for him
Come on


I slick, slick drop the top like nip slips
So he tryna smash like when the whip flips
I hit licks just to floss with this wrist
And when I leave my bitches we all say, "Kiss kiss!"
I'm in that new new De La Renta, channelling Bugs Bunny
'Cause all I want is karats and some big drug money
I'm only loyal to the niggas that'll bust guns for me
The jig up, it's a stick up, run me the money (Woah!)
'Cause I be the baddie, B, Barbie tings (Go!)
Banging body B, everybody be on my D (Go!)
Yo, I gotta be, in reality, suck a D if you doubted me
Back of the 'Bach, back of the 'Bach
Back of the 'Bach, back of the 'Bach (Woo!)
Who on Barbie D? Who on Barbie D? Everybody (Go!)
Ooh, you gotta see! Honestly, on my odyssey (Go!)
I'm the baddest B, I don't even know how to speak
Hat to the hat to the back and relax, you in the back of the 'Bach
See a bitch get more press than a key pad
Before you suck me off, get a knee pad
See I pull the strings like a tea bag
I'm prolly with my jeweler playin' freeze tag
I tell him eat the cookie 'cause it's good for him
And when he eat the cookie, he got good form
He know I don't never cheat because I'm good to him
Might gotta have his baby, nurses yellin' push for him
You see I let him eat the cookie 'cause it's good for him
And whenever, he eat the cookie, he got good form
He know that when I'm pullin' up, I'm in a good foreign
I be like ooh, he love me, ooh, he love me, good for him
Come on, come on, come on
I be like ooh, he love me, ooh, he love me, good for him
Come on